Do you want to start your own AI
business, SAS or startup, but no money
to launch, no time, everything looks
insanely complicated? A million
frameworks, tons of no code tools, EMS,
and you're still stuck thinking. And
this feeling that you already missed the
train, right? Also, how to run this
solo? That's what skills 99% of founders
and developers before they even start.
But here's the truth. 2025 2026 is
actually the best time ever for solo
founders with these issues. What looked
impossible two years ago. Something you
needed a full team for. Now you can ship
by yourself just by leveraging AI and
pre-built tools. I'm not promising
millions in day and I'm not going to
give you advice like discipline. But
I'll tell you this, it's not the
geniuses who win. It's those who build
an MVP from readym made blocks,
orchestrate AI tools, and launch while
everyone else is waiting for
inspiration. I've been in IT for 10
years, and I've seen the rules change
with my own eyes. Back then, building an
MVP was six months of pain, 30 to 100K
budgets, and hustle to find and organize
the dream team. A year ago, you could
ship an MVP in one to two months.
Testing with an AI LLM running in the
background and now you can build an MVP
in a week. LLM's write code, build your
landing page, find your first user, even
automate your customer support. For
example, back in 2017, I built an
educational platform for a client. We
had to recruit a front-end dev, mobile
dev, backend dev, devops, project
manager, and designer. We spent a year
just to launch the damn product. 2025
using mins boilerplate and a couple of
AI agents. We shipped a client's project
in just two weeks. He got a working MVP
AI to play with functions and plug and
play blocks. saved him months and tens
of thousands in cash. Look, not so long
ago, I was obsessed with my own idea of
voice notes for Google Docs, but I had
zero time and my devs were always busy.
So, in just two evenings using chat GPT,
cloud and cursor AI, I built a Chrome
extension, a thing I'd never touched
before, and validated the whole
hypothesis fast. no experience with
extensions, just AI. Let's talk numbers.
In 2015, only 22% of startups launched
solo. Now, 38% according to big
investment funds. AI software is growing
faster than anything else. According to
A16 Z, AI, B2C startups are scaling from
5 to 10x faster than traditional B2B
SAS. B2B, by the way, is always easier
and more profitable than B2C. You don't
have to beg for 100 free trial users for
a year. You just need from two to three
paying clients and you're profitable.
One of my clients built an AI starter
kit for businesses wanting to experiment
with EI. Now he charges 2500 for setup
then from 50 to 100 hour for extra
features or support. He found smart
junior devs for 5 to 10 bucks per hour
plus cho and his a starter kit are
literally relying his cash code. So, if
you want more real life stories,
insights, and the latest on AI tools,
SAS, and productivity hacks, smash that
like and subscribe button right now.
Seriously, nobody cares how good you are
at coding or what diplom you have.
Winners know about lovable def, cursori,
cloud code, GPT, hugging face, tile,
winen,
and they are fast at juggling different
tools. You don't need to know how
Superbase works inside or how Tile Winds
renders CSS. Your job is to connect them
together for a working prototype.
Customize it for your needs or your
client needs. Look, right now you just
have to play once with all these tools
and services. Get basic understanding of
their capabilities and then ask AI to
build an MVP for you. It could be your
AI startup. AI automation tool tool for
your client your marketing script with
LLMs and so on. Guys, if you can build
different flows using LLMs and
automation tools with your own hands,
you're already in the top league. NA10,
Corserai, Cloud Code, GPT4 5, these are
your new in-house developers. Text tag
languages and frameworks are not so
important right now. Nexjs, Python,
Tailwind, CSS, posgressql, resend,
stripe, paddle, no one cares. It's just
a tool now. It's not a miracle and 10
plus years of learning can struggle. All
you need to do is to understand how to
orchestrate the flow and use AI to build
it for you. Yes, sometimes you have to
manually set up a Stripe web hook, but
this is not a problem. Anyone with LLM
can give a full understanding on how to
do that in no time. With AI, you can
triple your productivity and automate
all your routine. Automated support,
sales, marketing, deep research, all on
autopilot. That's your new skill and
that's your unfair advantage. Few days
ago, AI created a Python script that
finds YouTube creators for partnership
for me. Then I just asked Chad GPT,
Grock and Gemini to write an outreach
email, combined their answers and use
human touch. Then Corser AI generated a
script for sending emails using resend.
Just needed my API key as the chair on
top. I asked AI pull the partner's
latest YouTube video, analyze it, and
extract a key inside to drop into my
cold email. That's it. two hours of
prompt engineering. This would have
taken a dev a full week in the past.
Want more AI hacks, free scripts, and
tools that will double your
productivity? Subscribe to my Telegram
or X or both. And stay ahead of the
market so you can outplay 99% of people.
Next thing guys, you don't need to
invent Uber or reinvent the wheel. If
you want to build your AI business or
microsass, the best startups in 2025
2026 is just well created clones where
your real and fair advantage is your
personal support, customer love, and
actual attention to the user. AI
orchestration gives you superpowers. You
can test 10x more ideas and most
importantly, listen to your customers
and their needs. Let me share you a real
story. Right after launching my
partnership outreach script, I thought
my profit would come from one kind of
deal. But after actually talking with
real living people who even touched the
grass, I realized my real profits were
in paid communities. 10x, 30x, more than
I expected. That gave me a massive
motivation boost. I started jumping on
calls, closing contracts, and doing this
boring routine. It's like B2B microsass
or AI tool for already working
marketplaces like Shopify, Jira, and
others where people already have money
and working businesses. So, you have to
become an AI orchestrator to build your
MVP fast, face reality, talk with real
customers, and make a pivot if needed.
Of course, if you want more profits,
look, history doesn't wait. If you're
not learning how to connect LLMs, AI
agents, sheep MVPs in a week, you will
be out of the game in a year. Remember,
Coachman protest when cars showed up.
Uber didn't kill taxi service, but left
thousand old-fashioned behind. Anyone
who's still coding everything by
themselves is getting wiped out. You
don't need to know everything. You just
need to start today. Launch your AI
business using plug andplay modules.
Experiment and keep adding new services
to your AI knowledge portfolio. Just
don't use PHP orn net. Seriously, forget
about the perfect time. Next week, you
will get sick. Next months, more
excuses. Three months later, maybe you
will lose your job. A year from now, the
market's gone. You're left behind. I
knew two guys, one from Switzerland,
super smart, super responsible, earned
tons, did everything by their book. In
eight years, he still never launched his
product marketplace. Always missing
something. The other dude, just an
average guy from Ukraine. Dumbestrock.
Love you, bro.
But instead of thinking, he took actions
in one year using AI LLM tools to create
images. He started a YouTube for kids
channel, created many cartoons, and
bought a house, car, and an apartment.
Sometimes I wish I was more like him.
Anyway, you know what's killing most
micro AI businesses and says information
overwhelm. That's why people get stuck
before they even start. But that's not
even the worst spot. Instead of building
your actual product, you waste months
setting up Stripe payments, designing
landing pages, configuring emails,
optimizing SEO, adding meta tax,
creating site maps, setting up blogs,
managing databases, building user outs,
designing user profiles, and fixing
infinitive bugs. That's why most people
give up. But I've been through this pain
15 times. I spent hundreds of hours on
these repetitive tasks. But I knew there
had to be a better way. So I built the
Micros fast starter kit. A complete SAS
starter kit that helped me launch three
successful projects making over 10,000
already. That's why I'm sharing this
with you now. But here's a twist. You
don't need to waste months building
basic features that are already done and
you don't need to spend weeks overinking
about minimum feature set for a quick
launch. One week with my readytouse
infrastructure and you can start making
money from your micro SAS today. Keep in
mind that you should never rely on one
chick. That's why your startups is your
chicks and you are the pimp. link in the
description. See you.