Título: Video qpWmcLw5G5w
ID do Vídeo: qpWmcLw5G5w
Idioma: auto
Tipo: disponivel
==================================================

I've made more than $30 million selling high ticket B2B services. And in this video, I'm going to walk you through the 51st step process that I use to take people from being complete strangers in my niche who have no idea who I am to paying me tens of thousands of dollars and ultimately me profiting from their awareness. And so it looks something like this. And what we've got here is this barrel, which represents a big barrel of water, which is the market. And then we have this faucet here which you obviously would be able to turn and turn the water on. And this is like ads or outreach or content. So anything that denotes the acquisition of attention from the market. Now the first thing that we have to obviously do is hook people. So the first pipe that we use to capture attention is a hook. And a hook um looks something like this. So on ads for example on Facebook ads I'll have like a bunch of copy on Facebook and then we have like a hook. And to give you an example of what a hook might look like, 20 and 180. That is how many clients I can help you get and how many days it's going to take me to do it. And what's more is that if I don't get you 20 clients in 180 days, so something like that. Basically, just a a basic hook to get people to pay attention. What what happens after the hook is there's an offer. So, if we keep watching this clip here, what you'll see is me making them an offer. I will give you not only a full refund, but $5,000 in cash on top. And this is guaranteed by the way as I have already guaranteed it for okay so those are the first two stages like the first thing you have to do to get someone's attention is hook them with some bold statement and then an offer and once they're hooked then we have to introduce a call to action link and an opt-in agency owners coaches and consultants just like you. Okay. So then there's this body thing but basically what we do next is is have an opt-in link. Okay. And that basically takes them to a landing page that looks something like this. Um that basically sells them on the service. Okay. Um so they'll opt in and then we go to the VSSL. Um and you know they they opt in here and the VSSL looks something like this. Okay. So this is a short form VSSL. Um you can see privately in Wistia here. And this is literally just me talking at a camera um for I think like four or five minutes here. And it's basically just slightly edited with text and words and stuff. And all this is is basically me just explaining the service and the product. And it's very high level. It's a broad overview. I'm not really explaining exactly what we do. I'm just talking about results, pain points, and issues that these people have with their lives. Once we've had someone watch a VSSL, a couple of things can happen. Either they'll book a call using the Canonly form. So, basically on the funnel, um I can't really show this because it's not here, but on the funnel there's a link to book a call. Um, in fact, I can probably just pull this up and and give you an example. So, they come through to a funnel, they'd watch the VSSL sort of like this, this one here that you can see, and then they'll come down to schedule an appointment using Canal. Okay? And they can come in here, select a time, and, you know, fill out their information to see if they're qualified and schedule the event basically. And once that happens, they'll schedule. out. If they don't schedule and they make it to the VSSL and they make it to this page, but without booking a call, then we have a couple of contingencies to get them to book. So, we send emails, we retarget, and we rehook them. So, what this looks like is we have this um post opt-in email sequence or anti-op. So, like if if someone opts in to um our funnel, so they have to give their email to access the VSSL. If that happens and they don't book a call then we start nurturing them by using cold emails in a software called active campaign and they will receive lots of emails from me i.e. not me from a software to encourage them to book in and on top of that we also have our retargeting efforts. So we'll send lots of ads to them and we basically have this VSSL page pixled which means that we can retarget these people. Now what happens once someone's scheduled is after they've been retargeted they typically schedule we then confirm the call. So what this looks like is this is huge is we basically have a um a call confirmation system where what people can do is they can basically either like res confirm their call through calendarly. So they'll receive an automatic email saying like you know um can you accept the calendar invite we sent over? But if they don't do this, then we have a call confirmer. So we have a guy in the team called Yan. And what Yan will do is text them on iMessage and call them and email them until they confirm the appointment. Because what we found is that if we can get people to confirm their appointments, the show rate spikes massively. And it's way easier for us to get um people on the phone. We also have calendarly reminders before the call. So to show you what these look like and exactly how we do this, we've got lots of different calendarly events here for different funnel sources so we can track things. But we have um we have lots of reminders. So we have email reminders, we have text reminders, and these are really simple reminders. You know, we're not getting too crazy with anything here. Just an hour before and 50 minutes before. Just sort of saying here's what's happening. This is coming up soon. Please join here. Blah blah blah. Okay, so very straightforward, very simple, nothing too complicated. And um these are little gentle nudges just to get them to book uh to show up. We have a 60 to 70% show rate on average. Um it's never going to be perfect like 80 90% because industry average is like 50% but the little call confirmation systems really help. We then also confirm through an email and obviously that's that. Now what then happens and I don't think I've actually got this here. Um I don't. But what happens next is the sales rep who is responsible for the call will personally reach out to the prospect via a loom and via WhatsApp to say, "Hello, I'm really looking forward to our call together." This holds people accountable, gets them to show up, etc., etc. And then we have reminders obviously and then the person will actually show up. So what we then have is we have our sales process. Now I can't really walk you through this because this is our sales process, but I'm sure you can imagine what happens at this point. Um, people are qualified on the call, they're pitched, they're discovered, then we answer questions, we pitch the price, etc., etc. But what happens at the end of a sales call if someone wants to purchase and buy is we send them a payment page on the call. So, a lot of the time we'll get people on board on call number one. And it works really well. And we've been doing this for, you know, four years, this sort of one call close thing. And people will just willingly part after you know 60 minutes or so with their money on the call if there's enough trust built and they have enough conviction that we can solve this problem for them. Once that happens we send them a contract. So we just use docyign to email them a contract and they will obviously sign this contract and everything um which happens at this point. Now once they are on board and they've signed the contract um everything happens in in Slack here. So we receive a payment notification and that payment notification triggers that the contract needs to be sent. The contract is then automatically sent and basically it's all automated. So when someone pays they receive the contract and then as soon as they sign that they receive everything basically. Um then we wait 24 hours and then basically the client will then have access to our community. So what they're buying basically is a high ticket course and the way this works is um they request access to this course after they've purchased and signed and 24 hours later so the next day basically we give them access. If you're wondering why we wait 24 hours to have access, it's because we need to batch it because we sign a bunch of clients every day and it gets really messy letting people in different times. Um, and it's all it's also good to let people's decision solidify and to give them access the next day if that makes sense. Um what happens after this point is really crucial because you know then we actually need to start delivering results because what we're promising with this product is reliable, predictable, consistent client acquisition systems for marketing agencies, coaching consultants so they can basically solve the problem of appointment booking. And in order for me to solve that problem, which is a bit of a gnarly problem, an emotional problem because they've been solving they've been dealing with it for a long time, there's a few things that need to happen. Okay. So the the yellow things here that you can see the yellow things here that you can see are to book the appointment. Then the orange things you can see are to close the deal and the red things are the things that the most important which is getting people results and actually delivering. So the way our program works and the way that it's developed is we start with a simple intro video um that looks something like this. It's like nearly an hour long and it basically covers like it's like an onboarding thing because we don't necessarily do like really long onboarding calls. some clients we do onboarding calls with, but we don't have like a CSM thing or or onboarding thing. It's very simple. It's just a quick 45minute video that indoctrinates people into the program and gives them all the context they need. What this will encourage them to then do is do an introduction post to the community so they get involved in the group and you know they're immediately in there like oh this is this is kind of cool like I'm in this community. I'm getting feedback from people. I'm getting likes. I'm getting comments and this makes them sort of feel at home in the community. What then happens is we put them through a series of course modules um namely acquisition genesis, self transcendence, sales systems, outbound systems, inbound systems. This is basically the the the core course content we give that help people systemize their client acquisition systems. And these videos are typically very long. They can be up to three and a half hours long sometimes. And they provide the critical information that someone would have to apply to their situation to fix the problem of client acquisition. Once all these videos have been consumed and acted on, the person by the end of it will have this skeleton built for client acquisition that we fleshed out with them with the videos that they can basically start running and then it predictably reliably generates appointments. Now the big thing about this whole thing that people forget is time. So once you've given people your content or you've done your service for people, you kind of need to give it some time. But what starts to happen after some time once people have done this stuff properly is they start getting results you know and we start getting win post trust pilot client interviews and what starts to happen is you know you start to get a lot of leverage here in so far as that um you start getting client interviews um and this takes time right so we've been doing this we've been business now for two and a half three three years I think um helping marketing agencies and coach consultants and you know we've got like hundreds of client interviews we've got thousands of testimonials and stuff but a lot of people look at our testimonials and think, "Oh, how do they have so many?" It's just because we've had a lot of time to do it. Um, and then results start coming in. Now, what then happens after someone gets results and they really add like six multi6 figures to their income or to their business, then we start upselling them. So, we have a mastermind that we um reach out to people and say, "Hey, you know, you've used this program to double the business, triple the business, 10x the business. Why don't you buy our next thing which is significantly more expensive?" And that works. And people do buy that because they've got so much trust. And then money in the bank, profit. It's really simple. Like, you know, it's taken me um four years. You know, I've been in business now for eight years, but this business I've been running, like I said, for two, three, three and a half years or something. And um this is literally all we do. And my job as the founder of this company and as the owner of this company or co-founder, co-owner with my business partner is to just basically make sure that nothing goes wrong for as long as this pipeline is has integrity. I.e. for as long as it's watertight, there's no leaks, there's no cracks, there's no spillage, then we have a beautifully tight, easy, straightforward client acquisition system to go from complete stranger to client with profit in the bank. And you know, we we complete this cycle multiple times a day because we sign multiple clients a day. And all business is is throughput. And throughput is basically this idea of taking raw value and converting it into money with systems. If you want to learn how to do this properly for your business, then ironically, the program that I've just explained will would help you do that. I don't want this to become some sort of indirect pitch fest. So, I'll just be honest. If you need help getting more clients for a B2B service or coach, consulting, whatever the hell, click the first link in the description and that will explain. Now, in case you're wondering, that was my hook. And so, I'm about I'm trying to start this whole process with you and take you through this pipeline. So, you might not care for it. You you might just be curious about what we do and not need to help getting any more clients. But, if you do, there's a link. You can click it. I don't really give a [ __ ] if you do or not. We've got um too too much to deal with anyway with bloody ads and stuff. So, you know, do me a favor and don't buy. I'm [ __ ] joking. Obviously, you can buy it if you want it. Right before this gets weird and awkward, I'm gonna [ __ ] off and I'll see you in the next video. Cheers.