Título: Video MgHhn3peezw
ID do Vídeo: MgHhn3peezw
Idioma: auto
Tipo: disponivel
==================================================

Hey everyone, Charlie Morgan here. In this video, I'm going to share five key lessons that I've learned in the last nine years of being in business. I'm 27. I'm a multi-millionaire and I started a business when I was 18. And I thought it might be cool for me to share a few ideas with you as I randomly stumble around my kitchen and talk about business. So, the first thing that I learned is never ever withdraw. And I'm not talking about like the the the military term like the defensive retreat term. I'm talking about cash. So I have had the urge, the impulse and the temptation to withdraw money from my business for basically the last seven years and it never goes away and I can tell you that for free. And you want to set yourself a salary and you want to set yourself a income. And basically what you need to learn to do is have the discipline to abide by that income no matter what. And your first order of business with your business should be to establish a nice fat cash reserve. And I'm so glad that I have the discipline to not make withdrawals whenever I felt like it. Because what happens is when you start a business, it kind of feels like your thing because it is your thing and it feels like that money is your money. But what you need to learn is that a business is an entity. It is not you and you do not own it. If anything, it owns you. Now, you do own it legally and everything like that, but you need to put a abstract Chinese wall between yourself and the money in the company account and you need to set a salary. So, for me, for example, I pay myself £10,000 a month and I have done £10,000 a month, which I have done now for basically five years, six years, seven years almost. and um and that's all I get and you know I have to learn to live on that money and be disciplined with that money. Now what I will do um once a year is do a director's bonus which is where I take a percentage of the profits of the company and withdraw them personally so I have this personal incentive to basically make more money and this works really well. Now you can pick what percentage you want. It could be 10%, it could be 20%. But what that does is you have your salary and you have your base pay, which means that's what you have to live off. And then at the end of the year, you get your bonus in the same way that you would if you were the CEO of a big company. And this is how big companies work. This is how these big Fortune 500 boys do it. And these big massive companies is they pay the CEO a salary and then the CEO gets some sort of dividend or profit share at the end of the year. And I want to have a big company. So I need to start thinking like a big company. Surprise, surprise. So that's the first lesson is just don't withdraw. like build that like your business is like a cash machine and just stack as much cash as you can because now that I haven't withdrawn I can spend hundreds of thousands of dollars a month on ads. I can spend hundreds of thousands of dollars a month or even a year on the best talent and building the best products and stuff which in turn makes me way more money. So, don't go and spend it. Like, I know when you make your first like 50 grand or 100 grand, you're going to want to go and buy a Rolex or whatever else thing you want to do. Don't do it. I I nearly did it and I've bought stupid stuff and I almost always regret it and sell it straight away afterwards. The next thing is that your business is you, not it. So, this kind of contradicts my previous point, but I mean it in a different context. What this basically means is that your business is is a reflection of you. And if you have a problem with the business or if your business is failing, it's because you are failing, not the business. And what this basically entails is, you know, when people say that 99% of businesses fail and that, you know, the reason that most people um don't succeed is because 99% of businesses fail. Like it's kind of like a it's like almost like a cliche at this point where everyone's just like, "Oh yeah, like don't worry man, your business failed because like all businesses fail and it's really hard." Well, that's not entirely true. Businesses don't fail, people fail. And the reason that happens is because people are incompetent and don't have the skills, the characteristics, or the traits to make it happen. So you as a human can be broken down into really three things. Your belief systems, which is what you believe to be true about the world, which determines your actions and how you behave. Your traits, which is basically how your behavior manifests really. Because like a trait for an example of a trait like a character trait could be patience or it could be like it could be violence or it could be aggression or it could be um empathy, right? And then you have your skills and your skills are basically things that you know how to do quite well. So we have beliefs, we have we have traits and we have skills. And if your business isn't functioning properly or isn't working properly, it's got nothing to do with the business or the market or the systems that you're using. It's got everything to do with your beliefs, traits, or skills. So, if you if you have a problem in your business, you can track that problem back to one of those three things almost every single time. So, let's say, for example, do you know what? We'll use a different tripod cuz the lighting here is not very good. Let's say, for example, that you are um struggling to get clients because you because you're struggling to get sales. And you know, it's very easy for you to blame the prospects and the leads. It's very easy for you to blame the sales script that you've got or you know the the call recordings you were given. But really the reason that you're not signing clients and getting results is because you suck at sales and you don't have the skill of sales. In the same respect that let's say that you don't have the trait of patience or you don't you can't dis by the way that wasn't pulling this chair out for any of you weird people that were wondering what the hell that noise was. And if you don't have the traits to do it then you're not going to do it. And so what this basically means and what you need to understand here is we don't have business problems. We have personal problems that reflect in our business. And those problems is basically come from a lack of either a belief system, a skill set or a character trait. And if your business fails, it's not because your business failed, it's because you failed. It's not to do with the business, it's all to do with you. The next thing is it's all about solving problems, not finding ideas. So what a lot of people do is they think that in order to move their business forward and make progress commercially in their business that they need to have like massive breakthrough ideas and they sit around and they think like you this how people start businesses right is they think oh to start a business like I need to have an idea if you ask any normal human why have you not started the business you want to start they say oh because I haven't had the right idea you don't focus on ideas you focus on problems the best idea to start business with is basically a problem you find a group of people. You isolate a problem, you solve that problem, you sell them a solution. There's your idea. But when it comes to actually running your company, don't sit around and try and come up with groundbreaking ideas to innovate in the business. That's not how you grow. What you do is you let problems happen and you let problems emerge and you find the problems that are the most painful and cause the most problem and struggle and then you just focus on finding solutions to those problems. people like they watch like Netflix series and they they watch these sort of game theory style shows like Billions or Peiquey Blinders or House of Cards and they think that the way that you win is by coming up with these incredible remarkable fifth order consequence strategies that people just pull out of their asses. That's not how business works. It's not how strategy works. You let problems emerge and you solve them and that's how you move forward instead of trying to find like some magical idea or just meditate on a hill somewhere until some idea comes to you like oh I haven't got any clients let me just come up with a brilliant brand new cutter the chances of you coming up with something that actually works some random idea for like client acquisition or service delivery are incredibly slim but the chances if you define the problem properly and isolate what the issue actually is then you realize all you've got to do is find the right information to apply to that problem and that situation or that scenario to solve it. And then your life becomes about finding the correct information to suit the problem as opposed to coming up with some crazy idea that you're going to pull out of your ass like some sort of hero. It doesn't work right. And so the way you grow is by slotting together puzzle pieces. So if you've got if you're trying to build a puzzle, that's the problem, right? And you're missing a piece. So what you do is you go out, you search far and wide for the for the the for the piece that fits the puzzle and you slot it in and then you you're building this thing piece by piece. That's what building a company is. It's not like, oh, let me just go and create this massive idea. It's like, no, here's my goal. Here's all the problems in the way of me getting there and I need to go and find the information to solve these problems, which all you have to do is go and ask people that have solved them. That's pretty much all business is is just problem solving and finding information. The next thing is cash flow first, long-term thinking second. So, it's very tempting to get drawn into the um seductive thinking of having like some grandiose vision or mission or something for your business. Like, you know, people are like, "Oh, I'm going to like retire my parents or I'm going to go and like be financially free or I'm going to go and do this or I'm going to buy this Lamborghini." This kind of ties in with the first point I made of never never withdraw. Um, but the point I'm making here is you want to get your cash reserves and your cash flow in a steady place to the point where you could basically survive for 12 months if not longer um, without making any more money. And once you've got those cash reserves and once you've got that cash flow in place and once you've got consistent steady streams of income coming into the business consistently over time over and over again without you having to do much, then you can start thinking long term. Think of starting a business like building a civilization on an island. Let's say you're stranded on an island and you know you're going to die. It's like, well, you should probably prioritize getting water and food and shelter before building a church or trying to have children or building a community or something like that, right? It people in business, they they become dreamers and that's fine and you can be a dreamer, but you can only dream for as long as you're alive. And life in business is cash. Cash is oxygen. And if you run out, you die and your dreams die with you. So I would suggest getting your cash reserves sorted first. Make your dream stacking enough cash so that you're good for years to come. And then you can start dreaming because then suddenly you can take a loss or not make any money or start trying to scale and grow because you're good and you're sorted. The last thing is if you are lost and you don't know what to do and you're not sure like where to go or what move to make and everything just seems chaotic and you're really confused, focus on your customer and talk to your customer because all problems in your business can be resolved and solved if you actually deliver value for your customer and truly get them what they want. the amount of times that this has got me out of a jam. Like if I'm like, I'm not sure like what I should do for these ads and I'm not sure like what copy I should use for this client acquisition funnel or you know I'm not sure if I should hire this sales rep or not. Like I'll ask my customers and I've got really good relationships with a few of my customers, my mastermind clients, some of my top EasyGrow clients and I'll ask them. I'll just say, "Hey man, what do you think of this ad?" And then they'll be like, "Oh, well I think this is kind of and you should do this instead." I'm like, "Ah, that makes sense." because your customers like they know themselves and you know you want more of them and so if you you know because if if I've got 10 customers that I'm friends with or that I'm quite close with I've got a good relationship with then I can extrapolate the the fractal properties fractally I can extrapolate their their attributes and characteristics onto the entire market because if I understand 10 of my customers I can understand 100 thousand like it's not it's not too difficult to to understand that like what happens in the micro happens in the macro. Okay. Um if you look at if you look at the behavior, they did they did a study on this in um in prisons and they looked at the um interpersonal and social exchanges in prison and they found that um what they found in like 10 prisons. They found in this meta case study across all these other prisons in terms of the language that was used in terms of the the the the um the race um gangs that were was structured in terms of what currencies they used how they spoke and does how they treat themselves. like you know a an avatar a certain type of person is is an avatar for a reason because it relates to other other people in that type and so what you can do is just talk to your customers like when you're stuck when you're stuck in a bind you're not sure what move to make or what to do talk to your customers and always make the decision that is best for your customer and you can say to them like hey I'm thinking about doing this do you think from your perspective as a customer of mine that this is what would be best for you or not and can you think of a better option and if you do that you're almost always going to get the right answer because the right answer is almost always what is best for the customer because if you focus on the customer for the longest term and you add the most value for the longest term and make your customers the happiest for the longest term then you will win. The key there is the longest term. You have to do this for a long time and you can't do this for some short-term couple of weeks. Like you have to commit to business for decades and decades. But that's how you win. And those are the five things that I wanted to share with you today. Um by the way, if you are needing help getting more clients, there's a link in the description you can click. Uh, it's a video of me explaining our systems and how we use them to help. We've helped more than 3,000 people with client acquisition at this point, like for agency owners, coach consults, and stuff. So, you might not care too much for it, but I'd encourage you to check it out if you need help getting more clients. Um, there's no commitment there. You don't have to put your credit card in. Don't worry. Anyway, talk soon. Chiao.