Título: Video eu9neEAVK_4
ID do Vídeo: eu9neEAVK_4
Idioma: auto
Tipo: disponivel
==================================================

So, here's why you find it extremely hard to get clients. I'm going to tell you a little story and then I'm going to walk you through exactly why you find it hard. When I was starting my first agency, I really struggled with client acquisition. I could not for the life of me sign clients. Like, I remember just client acquisition to me seemed like this impossible task that a I absolutely hated and b no matter how hard I tried, I could never get it right. And I found it super hard to stay consistent with cold outreach. So, I couldn't send cold emails or cold calls or cold DMs consistently and I could not get clients. And outreach basically depressed me um to the point where I didn't even want to run my business anymore. And I do everything I could to put off outreach, procrastinate, and justify not doing outreach. I had tons of negative associations and beliefs to do with it. I was honestly desperate and I manifested this desperation by trying to outsource outreach. So I would try to hire virtual assistants or appointment setters or agencies or any done for you solution so I didn't have to do the work of outreach and it never worked and no one could ever make it work and it seemed impossible and I nearly gave up on my business because of outreach and because of client acquisition and you know I was convinced that it was the copy or the script. So I thought the reason that it wasn't working and the reason that I wasn't getting results was because I didn't have the right email copy or because I didn't have the right script. It's not. And it's something way more sinister. And just wait a second cuz I'll explain it. Um, I thought it was a simple business problem. I was like, you know, oh, the reason I can't get clients is because of the market or the niche. You know, it's the niche's fault because the niche just doesn't reply to cold outreach or, you know, it's the cold email copy that I've got or it's the script that I'm using. Like, it's it's not going to work. Or it's the person that I hired to do it. Like, I I blamed everything. I blamed my market. I blamed my copy. I blamed the person I hired. But over over time, I found the solution. Obviously, I'm here today. I've made $30 million um since I figured this thing out, right? And I fixed it. So, how? Well, I thought I needed a key. I was on the hunt for a key. Like a big secret, the big one thing that I thought would turn everything around and make this problem go away and finally crack Outreach once and for all and once and forever. And I struggled and struggled until one day I had something that I call the outreach epiphany. And it happened when I learned this following phrase from a mentor. And this is from my mentor, Sam Ovens. Charlie, you don't have business problems. I won't do it in Sam's voice, don't worry. You have business problems. Um, they aren't what you think they are. They're personal problems in disguise. People don't have business problems. They have personal problems that reflect in their business. And you can imagine my reaction to this piece of advice because I had a business problem. And my business problem was I can't get clients. I can't do outreach. I can't seem to get clients. It's impossible. And so Sam was like, you don't have business problems. You have personal problems that reflect in your business. So, I was like, "Well, how the hell can my lack of clients and appointments be pinned on me?" Like, my personal problems, what do I have to do with it? I was like, "Surely it's the script. It's my team members. It's the deliverability of the email. It's Gmail. It's Google. It's my dialer. It's the market. How could any of my personal issues come into play here?" And at this point in my life, by the way, I was disciplined. I was eating well, sleeping well, didn't drink. I exercised. I wore blue light blockers for crying out loud. Like, I did everything. All the good habits in the book. like my personal life was pretty disciplined and pretty squared away and clean. So, how the hell could it be my personal life that was getting in the way of me getting clients? It didn't make any sense. So, what the [ __ ] What personal problem could I possibly have um that would be causing my business a problem of getting no clients? How the hell could my lack of clients and my lack of outreach results be the result of my personal life? Surely, I just needed the right copy, the right niche, and I'd be good to go. Like, I looked far and wide. I I I I looked for the right niche. I looked for the right copy. And if it didn't work, I' i'd switch niche and I'd switch copy and I'd switch method and I was totally blind. But then I saw I had an epiphany. So what was this deep dark personal issue? Well, it was my belief systems. It was my belief systems that were the reason as to why I couldn't get clients. And the reason that you find it so hard to get clients is your beliefs. Now I've satiated your curiosity based on the title. We've closed the loop of curiosity. And now you're tempted to click off this video perhaps because you don't think it has anything to do with your belief systems. Trust me, brother. Just give me a second and I will rock your bloody brain off. Right? Specifically, my beliefs surrounded the component of reality we call outreach. So basically when you do something, you form beliefs about this thing and those beliefs inform your actions around how you deal with that thing. And the thing in question was outreach. And I basically had a ton of limiting negative beliefs that were standing in the way of me getting clients for outreach. Now a belief is a statement of perceived truth. It is a um articulated statement of perception. And so if I said like you know I think it's hard I I think it's really hard to get clients that is a belief system I hold about getting clients. If I said the sky is blue then it's a I believe the sky is blue. So I had the copy and the knowledge. I just didn't act consistently. So here was the thing. The real crux of the problem was more to do with my consistency than anything. My follow-up game on my cold outreach was inconsistent. I didn't do the work. I didn't test properly. didn't track properly. You know, I'd go four days of consistency and then I'd screw up and screw up my tests or trail off or get shiny object or something else. Getting cold outreach right and getting client acquisition right is about using the scientific method. It's about being patient, consistent, and um logical with testing things and finding what works and you can do it and it will work. But if your brain is all scrambled and you keep messing around with it because of your belief systems, you're in some some deep trouble. And it was the most painful thing ever. like one month I'd crush it, get tons of clients, and the next month I'd be reset to zero. And here's my Stripe from way back then. So this was this was back in 2017. So this was 8 years ago, 7 years ago or something when I was just getting started. And you know, I would have months where I'd do like over £10,000, like nearly $15,000 months. And this was in July of 2017. And in 2017, in October, I only made £500. So I my my business went from like extreme to extreme where like I'd suddenly make like 10 grand in a month and then like five grand then 10 grand then 500 and back to 10 then back to nothing and like what the hell's going on here? Like you know why was I oscillating so far up and down in business. And I can tell you with certainty that it was not because of my approach or my copy or my cold outreach method. Because here's the thing, if you have something that can deliver you a 10K month, then you should be able to repeat that outcome over and over again. And if you have something that's been able to book you a couple of appointments, then you should be able to repeat that thing over and over again. So, you know, why the hell was I oscillating so much? Well, it was all to do with my beliefs. And when I realized this, I had an epiphany. Um, my mentor's words were echoing in my head like, if you don't have business problems, you have personal problems affecting your business. And here's where it gets kind of interesting. So, what did I do? How did I how did I address this problem? And once I figured out it was my blue systems, what did I do? What I did is I got a piece of paper and a pen. And I still have this piece of paper to this day. And I I'll show you a picture of it in a second. And what I did, and it sounds woowire and wacky and stupid because it's not practical and logical, but I wrote down every single belief statement that I held to be true about cold outreach. And I wrote down every single thing until I couldn't think of any more. And they're all here. And hilariously, this is the picture. This is the this is the um paper here. So you can see this. What I did is I got this in this is in 2017. You see my MacBook up here. Um, and I wrote down every single limiting belief and every single negative belief I had about client acquisition and specifically outreach. And you know, you can see some of them here like getting clients is hard. Sales is hard. I don't like outreach. Outreach is painful. It's hard to get clients. I'm afraid of outreach. People won't respond to me. People will judge me. It's hard to get meetings. I can't get clients. I'm not good at outreach. I don't want to do outreach. This is just belief systems I had. I believe they didn't want to do it. Um, blank is more important than outreach. I just don't get outreach. I don't have the right copy. Um, no one responds these days. I don't have the right approach. You know, you can see these things. These are all just limiting beliefs that you probably hold to be true about outreach as well. And so, they're all here and you can see what they look like. But hilariously, all of these beliefs were just translating into one phrase that outreach is painful and I don't want to do it. So, I made up this excuse to cope and convince myself I shouldn't bother. This is basically all just denial. Like I'm just in total denial here about about outreach and getting clients. And the truth is that like these beliefs these beliefs don't know what a belief is. These beliefs aren't the truth and are not grounded in reality because I believe these things to be true. I genuinely believed that you know I just don't get outreach or I don't have the right copy or no one responds. Like, how the hell am I are you supposed to get cold outreach to work when you believe that people won't respond or when you believe it's really hard to get clients or when you believe you're not good at it or when you believe you'd rather do something else or when you believe you're spamming people or there's too much competition, of course, you're going to [ __ ] it up. We have this thing in psychology called practice, which denotes that we give ascent to belief through action. And what that means is you act out your belief systems. And so if you're trying to get cold outreach to work and client acquisition to work, but fundamentally you believe that it's not going to, then you're going to sabotage it unconsciously. Here's the thing. It happens unconsciously. If if you believe that you know that you don't want to do it and that that you've tried everything and it just sucks and always will, then it doesn't matter. Like you're never going to find the right copy. You're never going to find the right technique or method because you're going to sabotage efforts to do so because you fundamentally believe it's not going to work. So when you believe something's not impossible, when you believe something is impossible, not going to work, you make it. So often is the case that the only reason something's impossible or you can't make it work is because you think you can't. Okay. He who says he can and he who says he can't are both usually right. I think that's a Kanye quote which is a little bit out of order. Um but my issue wasn't to do with the copy. Um sorry, let me go back through these beliefs. These are merely the result of your brain trying to avoid pain. They're only true because you believe they are. Right? It's simple. Like if you have a belief system, it's only true because you believe it. You've conjured them up to build a mechanism to avoid the cold hard truth, which is that cold outreach is painful. And this is the thing. It makes sense that you believe these things about cold outreach and about getting clients because when you're new to something, you suck at it. And you know, you're probably new to client acquisition and getting clients, which means that fundamentally to you, these things are actually true and appear true. But I can tell you right now that none of this is true to someone like me or someone that's been in business for a long time, has made millions of dollars with cold outreach. Um, so my issue wasn't with the copy. It wasn't with the platform or the niche. It was that I believe deep down that outreach isn't effective or doesn't work. And because I believe that every time I got close to figuring it out, I would sabotage it unconsciously. This is an unconscious thing. And you might be asking yourself, there's no way that I'd sabotage myself unconsciously. Come on. Think about all the times you've sabotaged yourself. Has that been conscious if you wanted to do it? No. Right? So behave. The only reason um I wanted to believe this is because outreach is painful. You know, outreach is boring. It's rejection. It's monotony. It's painful. So, your brain conjures up these belief systems to protect you from this pain. Um and also if you if it works, you get clients and then you have to deliver results and face all sorts of problems associated with having clients. So, your belief your belief systems formed to help you avoid the pain of growing this business and getting clients, which is hilarious, right? So it was like I was in a car stuck at go and my brain had a mental handbreak on because it was afraid of where the road might take me and it thought better safe here and comfortable in your comfort zone than out here driving god knows where. And so basically what I did is I got this piece of paper and I wrote these beliefs down and I they just they just came out of me like you know 28 of them just written on this I didn't even think about them. and they just they just pulled out to me on the page and I was looking at this paper and I was in total shock and I had a complete paradigm shift because I was looking at the problem and it was all in my head like I was looking at these belief systems I was like if I actually believe these things to be true how on earth could I possibly ever make outreach work like you can't it's impossible it's like you know if if you're in a relationship with someone let's say and you know you believe that fundamentally they're let's say they're a decent person but fundamentally you you believe they're terrible and you hate them, then you're not going to have a healthy relationship with them. You're just not. Even if you're not right and even if you're not seeing the objective truth, then you're an idiot because, you know, you're just going to act out your belief systems. And the same thing is true with outreach, right? So, what I did is I figured out how to fix this because beliefs can be changed, okay? And beliefs can be completely molded into whichever way you you deem fit. So, what I did is I crossed out Well, I didn't cross them out at the time because the paper's still here, right? As you can see, I took a picture of it. Um, but I I I looked at all these belief systems and what I did is I inverted them. So, I wrote down I turned over the piece of paper, flipped it over, and I inverted all these beliefs. And inversion is basically opposite. So, if I believe right now that getting in clients is hard, then instead I need to believe that getting in clients is easy. And if I believe right now that I don't want to spam people and that outreach is spammy, then I need to believe that I'm not spamming people. I can genuinely help them. It's my duty to do so. And so what you do is you write down all the limiting beliefs you have to do with the thing you're dealing with like outreach or client acquisition. You look at them, you say, "That's why I'm not successful in this. That's why I'm not making this work." And then you flip them on their head and you basically write out the polar opposites to exactly what you've just written down. And once you do this and you you're looking at the the inverted belief systems, that's the that's the secret. All you now have to do is work on believing these things, these new inverted beliefs, and your behavior will start correcting itself, and you'll actually start to get results. And I know that this sounds like some woo woo wah whippy dippy hippie- dippy dudah [ __ ] that just is never going to work because it's like surely it's just the outreach um copy. Surely it's just the script. Surely it's just the niche. But no, I promise you if you do this and you look at these belief systems, because here's the thing, I used to believe all of these things and I didn't get clients. Now I believe all of these things. I did this seven years ago, 8 years ago. I inverted my limiting beliefs. I adopted those beliefs. And now I actually believe all of these things to be true. I I genuinely believe that if I message people, they will respond and they won't judge me. That's my genuine true belief system about this. I genuinely believe the market is abundant and that I know the right approach. And I genuinely believe that, you know, I have the right copy and I'll do double today and I'll always get meetings. Like these are things that I never used to believe that I actually do. And what happens is if you look at these belief systems, all you've got to do is just read them over and over and over again to yourself and through this thing called auto suggestion. Um, which is kind of including the name, you're suggesting this this thing autonomously, you'll start to believe these things. And as you start to believe them, your actions will start to shift where you're going to be more consistent, you're going to be more patient, you're going to be more logical, you're going to be more scientific, and you're actually going to start doing things correctly because fundamentally you you won't sabotage what you believe to be true. And so if you believe that, you know, you get outreach and you're just good at outreach, you're going to start to act that out. Will there be a bit of a weird window where it's not quite true? Yes. You have to sit in this delusion pocket for a short period of time. But fundamentally, this does work. And I know it works because it worked for me. And so I realized that all I had to do to fix my terrible client acquisition situation was just firmly believe these new beliefs and share the old ones. And if you if you ask yourself this question, if you fundamentally believe that all of these things were true, do you think it would be easier to get clients? Of course, you'd you'd literally start acting them out and getting clients and your actions line up. And that's how it works. And this is exactly what I did, you know, seven years ago. And the second that I did this, my business changed forever. Like this was the one big core thing that I did to change around. I would encourage you right now to get a piece of paper and a pen and write down everything you believe to be true. And don't just copy mine word for word. Just write down everything you believe to be true about cold outreach and about getting clients and about client acquisition. And look at the limiting beliefs. Invert them and start reading those aloud to yourself and do this for you might have to do it for months and months and months on end, but eventually you'll start believing them. And 6 months from now, 12 months from now, you'll have clients. You'll be like, "Oh, I actually believe these things." Now, by the way, if you need help getting more clients, there's a link in the description you can click. We've got some cool systems that guarantee a ton of clients and they work really well. So, you can check them out. If not, I don't care.