Título: Video PF7zdTPCXoE
ID do Vídeo: PF7zdTPCXoE
Idioma: auto
Tipo: disponivel
==================================================

I was recently talking to someone who was in my mastermind. Um, I don't know this guy personally. I'm not particularly good friends with him. Um, but he was someone who was struggling with a problem with a sales rep. And basically, he hired this sales rep as his first ever sales rep. And you know, he's now got a sales team of I think six or seven people. And this sales rep, um, he is quite good friends with. And, you know, he's been working with this guy for a couple of years. And you know this what what happened and what's happened recently to this this person is this sales rep has started getting a little bit big for his boot um to the point where he's asking for commission increases. He's asking for bonuses and when said entrepreneur has denied him of these things he's kicking up a bit of a fuss and saying no that's not on and stuff like this. And so there's a lot of attitude coming out of this sales rep. There's a really really important lesson here for for you if you run a business and if you run a company and if you have employees or plan to have employees and the lesson is do not befriend your employees. Now there's a lot of caveats to this statement, right? Because you still want to create a culture that is fun. You still want to create a work culture that's inviting. You still want your employees and the people that work for you to be able to come to you with problems and concerns. and you still want to be able to banter around with them and not be so serious all the time. However, what this person had done with this sales rep is because this sales rep was their first sales rep, this guy didn't really he didn't really put any professional boundaries in place between himself and and this rep. And so, you know, he'd invite him over to his house for, you know, um, drinks and stuff. And he'd send him like Instagram reels. He was telling me, and he just treated him like a friend in the same way that, you know, you might treat a friend of yours and, you know, [ __ ] around, making stupid jokes and stuff and whatever, you know. Um, and you know, basically what's happened is this sales rep now treats him like a friend, if that makes sense. And so energy works both ways. And what this means is if you treat your employees like they are your friend, then they will treat you in the same way. And so this manifests in all sorts of ways where what the employee will start to do is they'll start to get a little bit big for their boots. And it's not their fault. And it's not like I said to I said to this guy, I said to him, I said, "It's not it's not the sales rep's fault that he's got an attitude. It's your fault for giving him the option or permission to talk to you like this." And this guy kind of went, "Yeah, actually that makes a lot of sense because, you know, I've dealt with this before where um there's people that don't work for me anymore um for lots of reasons, just probably mostly poor performance." And you know, when I first started building my first team, you know, going from that sort of seven to multi-figure mark, I started hiring salespeople, setters, etc., etc., I didn't really know how to lead or manage. And the fundamental most common stupid mistake that early entrepreneurs make when hiring team members is not establishing professional authority and treating their employees like their friends, you know, and so like, you know, you'll you'll drink with them and that that there's this is the thing is it's kind of fine to do that sometimes, but you need to learn to set a boundary. And if you've got employees or people that feel like they can talk to you in a way that is disrespectful, if they feel like they can make demands, if they feel like they can say no to you and, you know, basically be a little bit rude and emotionally abrupt, then you've allowed them to get way too close. And so this guy in question, like this employee, this this sales rep went to his boss, my client, and said like, "Oh, you know, I'm I want to increase my commission by this. I think I'm I think it's time." client says, "Oh, well, you know, we can discuss that in six months once your performance is back in check." And then employee says, "That's not on. I'm not accepting that." And to say that to your boss is crazy. And you know, we can we can both understand that. You can understand that. I can understand that. But the problem is is this guy doesn't think he's talking to his boss. He thinks he's talking to his friend. Does that make sense? And so, you know, what I said to him is I was like, "You just have to distance yourself and you have to shut this down." And the problem as well is when your employees your friends, you get quite emotional with them, right? And so what you want to try and basically do is create like a almost emotional Chinese wall between yourself and your employees. Now this is interesting because um I hire friends not often. Um I haven't actually done it for like two years now, but um three of my closest friends um work inside of my company um in the sales department and on the product side. And I've never ever had a single issue um managing them or working with them. But the reason behind that is because although I am um hierarchically in charge, they are managed by a manager if that makes sense. And so for example, two of my closest friends work um for us on the sales side. They work in the sales team and we've got a sales manager, full-time sales manager, and he manages them. So they report to him and he's removed from me. He knows about the personal relationship I have with these guys, but he makes decisions and and is is very rational and objective and logical with them without worrying about my personal relationship with them. And also the other thing that I said to these guys when I hired them at the beginning, I said never ever ever put me in a position where I have to fire you because it will jeopardize our friendship. And you know, a lot of people when they hire friends or if they hire family, they can't set that boundary. And that's kind of a because you don't really want to hire friends unless you've got someone else to manage them because, you know, or or unless you're hiring them to manage themselves. That's kind of what happens on our product side. But it's it's dangerous and it's really risky because it can it can seriously jeopardize your company because letting letting yourself get too friendly with employees is dangerous. And like I said, like you you want to be able to connect with them. And you know, I'll still um like for example, with my team, we went paintballing a while ago and we'll get drunk sometimes and we'll make jokes and it'll be fun and the culture is good. But there's this kind of respect almost. And the respect goes both ways of course because you respect your employees and they respect you. It's got to be a mutual thing. How you treat them is how they will treat you. But there's this thing where like if one of my employees or one of someone who worked for us came to me and treated me in the way that this sales rep had treated his his his boss, it would be it's a big no no. Do you know do you know what I mean? And my employees can challenge me. They can question my ideas and they're fully within their right to do that because, you know, it's part of their job is making sure that my my business partner and I are steering the [ __ ] properly and that they're always asking questions and being inquisitive and, you know, just making sure that we're doing the right thing. Like that's absolutely fine. And you know, you want to encourage critical thinking and you want to encourage authenticity and honesty and transparency in your company. If employees don't think they can tell you anything, then you're [ __ ] because you there's no feedback and then you start getting in trouble. And I'll do this every single um month as well. What we do is we do a monthly one-on-one with all the team members. And on those one-on- ones, I ask them specifically, I say, "How are you feeling about work at the moment? Is there anything you want us to change about the way the company is run? and what can we give you or help you with that will make your job and your life easier and is there anything that you don't like about work right now and so every month I give everyone in the company the opportunity to express direct feedback to me with no emotion on my end right and I'll receive that and take it in on board and if it's critical and rational then I'll make adjustments and if they're just having a bad week and complaining about something that does but we can't change or is irrelevant then you know obviously we we discuss that with them um and and I think by allowing employees to have that option to critically vent if you'd like once a month and and they know that that's coming around all the time as well. So if they if they've they're sitting on something and they're sitting on this like thing that's pissing them off, giving them the opportunity to discuss that once a month keeps the relationship very healthy because then they actually have like permission and space to talk about something that's annoying them. And if you don't let them do that and if they feel like they can't do that, then what happens is resentment just builds and builds and builds and builds. And so that's the that's the flip side. And that's kind of like a little management strategy that you might want to take on board. But the main purpose of this video is just letting you know, do not befriend your employees. Do not get too close to them. Keep critical distance. And if you feel like you can't discipline someone, then you've allowed them to get too close to your personal life. So if you feel as though you can't coldly tell someone they're doing a [ __ ] job and that you're going to have to fire them if they're not careful and fix it, if you feel like, "Oh, I I couldn't possibly say that to this person." Well, then you've allowed them to get too close. Your job as a boss is to manage to leave and to set this boundary. And if you can't have those conversations, then it's probably time to let the person go or correct your behavior. And if you're wondering how to fix this, if you're in deep, like, you know, if you've been treating someone like a friend for for years, you have to just gradually change your behavior and attitude towards them. Um, never respond emotionally to anything they say. So, you know, if if they come to you with problems or complaints or demands, never let never let it become a personal thing. And this is why it's a you issue is I said this to the client because my client was getting actively pissed off at this employee. And I said like it's not ever good. You you should never ever ever and I'm not I'm not perfect at this, but you should never ever in a million years show too much emotion when discussing things with your team. And there this is hard because you're going to have to have conversations with your team if they're not performing properly. You're going to have to fire people. But every interaction you have with your team needs to be without emotion and with an absence of of of anger or disappointment or upsetness because the second you start showing your emotions consistently. Every now and then is okay because you're still human and your employees are going to see that. But if you show your emotions too consistently and your employee your employees know they can start getting to you and sort of undermining your emotional state that's when they lose respect for you and that's when they start making these demands and you know they start being stupid. Um not being stupid but it basically how someone treats you is how you let them treat you and it's a tolerance thing right so I wanted to make this quick video because a lot of people struggle with this and you know I thought hell you know since this is the business channel I can just hop on and just say whatever for a bit. Um, by the way, if you're an agency owner, coach, consultant, or course seller and you need help getting more clients, there's a link in the description you can click. Um, it's like a a quick VSSL of me trying to sell you something for transparency. You you don't have to click it, but it's up to you. Anyway, that's all. to same.