Título: Video VILNzg6QN_k
ID do Vídeo: VILNzg6QN_k
Idioma: auto
Tipo: disponivel
==================================================

So, in this video, I'm going to walk you through how to prioritize your tasks and how to figure out what to work on. And I'm going to give you some examples of the lowest leverage tasks all the way up to the highest leverage tasks for these online high ticket businesses, whether it's an agency, coach, or consulting business. Now, the first thing we have over here is a minus million an hour task. And this is as simple as making downright terrible decisions. So, you could spend an hour making a decision, and if that decision was downright terrible, it could literally cost you a million dollars. Okay, so that's the first thing like don't make bad decisions. It's that simple. But if we move on here to some actually some more concrete examples, things that cost can literally cost you if you apply an exponential time frame and you apply enough time to your life and your trajectory. Things that can literally cost you more than a hundred grand for every hour you spend on them in the long term are hanging out with bad people. So spending time around people that bring you down and shouldn't be around. Doing drugs. So any sort of like hardcore drug or weed or anything like just anything that either hyper stimulates you or slows you down. It's going to cost you a ton of money to do this stuff. Like you can't get away with anything when you're an entrepreneur. Buying dumbass stuff. You could walk into a a car showroom and spend 100 grand on a car and make that decision within an hour and it's going to cost you 100 grand an hour. Literally will. And if you buy these stupid things and you you you you buy you go down the ego route and you you know you want to buy these things like what happens is your lifestyle and your business becomes about you know your ego and facilitating your desire to buy more things and it literally just it just cost you money because you're not keeping any of this money. Doesn't make sense. Side hustles. So anything that isn't the business like you know I was talking to someone the other day who's making $5 million a year friend of mine and he was like oh bro I'm going to start a personal brand. I was like why? He's like, "Oh, you know, I kind of just want YouTube as a side hustle." I was like, "What the hell are you talking about?" Like, you start a side hustle if you want to make $100 a day. I was like, "You're making like, you know, 400 grand a month. Like, why on earth would you do this?" And he was like, "Yeah, f." So, don't do these things. They're very stupid. They cost you a lot of money. Very dumb. Now, minus $10,000 an hour. So, these things, they cost you a lot of dumb money. And if you do them, it's going to cost you, you might not think of, you might not think the cost is money. You might just think like, you know, here we've got video games, for example. When you play video games, like every hour you invest in a video game is a an hour that you could be investing into your business, but b what it does is it fries your dopamine circuit. It fries your status circuit. It fries it fries your gaming circuit. Like it just ruins your brain and it just turns you into this weird robot that just cares about this video game and it's it costs you a lot of money to do like more than you can possibly think. So do not do it. Gambling. You can literally literally can lose 10 grand in an hour gambling. But besides the point, social media and doom scrolling. So, you know, once again, like an hour of social media might not seem like something that's that damaging, but what can happen when you're scrolling as you get you get more polarized politically, you start getting angry, you start getting anxious, you start getting weird, your attention span decreases, and just by doing that for an hour in the long long term, if you apply long enough time trajectory and time horizon, it can literally cost you like 10 grand just just for doing it for an hour. Like, it really just it gets quite expensive. Same thing with doom scrolling, it's just stupid. junk food and alcohol. You spend a week drinking and eating crap food. It's going to take you like a month for your biology to recover. And you're going to be operating at like 30% to 10% to 50% of your potential for like a couple of weeks, which guess what? It's going to literally cost you more than 10 grand an hour, trust me. So, don't do that. Partying every now and then, sure, but the same thing. Netflix and just, you know, watching these series that just consume your time. like they're not as expensive as like games or YouTube or something, but pretty bloody expensive nonetheless. YouTube as well, like if you're aimlessly watching YouTube, so if you're just like clicking around like almost like doom scrolling, but just with the recommended thing where like you watch 10 seconds of a video and then you click back and then you're on this, you're on another video and you're just taking your dopamine on this wild journey. Like might not seem that damaging, man. But what you're doing is you're actually destroying your brain. Like you're destroying your ability to focus and pay attention. And it means when you sit down to try and produce quality work, you can't because you're so fried. And then traveling, no one has ever built anything insane by the laptop lifestyle. This whole, oh, I'm in Dubai, now I'm in Bali, now I'm in Fiji, now I'm in New York, now I'm in Los Angeles, now I'm in Mexico, now I'm in France. What you're doing is you're resetting your body clock. You're messing with your sleep hormones. Like the traveling thing, it cost you loads of money. Might be fun. You might want the freedom, but if you want to build a big business, it's going to cost you a lot of money. Now, this is where it gets kind of interesting. This is where we start getting into some some important points. All these points are important, but this is huge. A lot of you right now are going to be making six, multi6, maybe even seven figures. And what you should not be doing is a task that can be outsourced for less than it costs you to do it. So what you need to do is look at how much money you're making. Look at how much you work. And then you can allocate and calculate how much your time is worth. For me, for example, I'm at the 8 figure nearly multi figure level. So it's probably going to cost me like five. My time is probably worth like five grand an hour, like three, four, five grand an hour. And so anything that I do costs me that, if that makes sense. So, for example, this is why I would never cook. I will never clean. I will never drive people any place. I will never assemble, you know, flat pack furniture. I will never clean the pool. I will never grocery shop. I won't pay my I always pay my bills. I get someone else pay my bills for me using my account. I won't do washing up. I won't do gardening. I'm not going to do any of this crap. I won't babysit for someone because anything that I can pay someone $15$20 an hour, $30 an hour is it's like my the return is literally like 400x on my time or some crazy stuff like that. So anything it's it gets unruly. A lot of people what they'll do is they'll be making like 30 grand a month and then on Saturday morning they'll go and like do their meal prep for like three hours and they'll go and buy groceries and they'll go and clean their house and it's like dude your time's worth like at least a couple of hundred an hour and you can pay someone, you know, $20 an hour to do this stuff for you which means you're getting a 10x return on your investment. Why are you not doing that? It it's dumb. Doesn't make sense. But you must learn to do this. Same thing with basic tasks in the business. things that are very easy, mundane, dull, low skill, you shouldn't be doing them. I had this before where I was um I got a podcast. I upload my YouTube videos to this podcast platform, right? And it distributes. And what I would do is same thing with the YouTube upload is I would do my YouTube upload, then I'd go into the podcast and upload it. And it took me like it took me like maybe 20 minutes to do all that. Like put the title in and then like upload the YouTube video, then grab it and put it in the podcast and download it MP3. Like half an hour to do this crap. And I was doing this and I was like, "Damn, I can just pay someone like $10 to do this once a week." And it's it's not what you got to realize with these tasks is it's not the big ones that get you. It's death by a thousand cuts. It's not when when it comes to your time efficiency and your priority and your task management, it's seldom about like getting rid of one big thing. Although it can be with these big things here, right? About getting rid of an addiction, but it's far more about like getting rid of all these little weird things. Like, you know, one thing that I used to do was um I would I used to pick my brother up from school um when I was living at home and you know, it got to the point where I was making like 100 grand a month and I just said to my parents, I was like, I'm not doing this anymore. Like, I'll just pay for someone to pick him up because it it just it's getting ridiculous because it takes me it only took me like, you know, 10 minutes to drive there. I'm waiting for 5 minutes, then he's there, and then I've got to get through the traffic and it's like a 30 minute excursion like once or twice a week. Might not seem like a lot, right? But then I was kind of like, hm, okay, well, it's taking me an hour a week basically is what it's taking because it's twice a week. And um and that's like four hours a month. And I was making 100 grand a month. So I was like, what do I value my time at like maybe like $600 an hour? I was like, why don't I just pay someone to do this? And I did. And then it made me a little load more money. So think about all of that. Get rid of all the mundane tasks and then let's move on. $100 per hour. So this is where you there's tasks in your business that you can do that will that that have leverage and there's a little bit of leverage in these tasks. you know, they can make you some money. They can get you some they can get you places, but it's still once again, your time's probably worth more than $100 an hour, right? Especially if you're at the seven figure level or multi6ig level, high multi6 figures, you shouldn't be doing these things. So, for example, YouTube thumbnails, video editing, like you don't even need to pay $100 an hour for this stuff. like email copywriting, if you're doing coaching calls for clients or client support, logo, website design, customer support tickets, any any community management, DM outreach, cold calling, like these these are things that require a little bit of skill, but not enough skill where you should still be doing them, right? So, you know, for example, like, you know, I've got a um a guy does my YouTube thumbnails and I could cook up a YouTube thumbnail and make it half decent and it'll be okay. It might take me like 15 to 20 minutes, right, to make a good one. But I can pay someone like I don't know like a hundred 200 bucks to do that and like you know if I value my time at like five grand an hour which is kind of where you should be if you're at like an eight multi figure level then it doesn't it doesn't make any sense for me to do this because what you got to realize is your time like it's so finite. There's so you have so little time and if you can get rid of all these little things even though it's just 10 minutes here 5 minutes here like this is this is a the lesson here is it's death by a thousand cuts. It's not the big things that get you. It's the it's the hundreds of little things. It's the podcast upload here and it's cleaning the pool on Saturday here and it's driving the kid to, you know, work here and all these little things that you can outsource and that can be done by another human for way cheaper than it costs you because the cost here is not is not your time. It's not the $100 an hour that you're spending on someone else to do it. It's not being able to do these things. So, you know, when you have your time, you can do the big things or you can do the little things. And if you're doing the little things, you can't do the big things. So, all the leverage here is just basically removing things. You can make a list of things that you're doing right now. And I'd actually encourage you to do this. I' I' I'd start like trying to become conscious of what you're doing with your time and what tasks you are working on in the company. And after a while, they're going to be like, "Oh, why the hell am I doing that when I could just pay someone on $70 an hour instead, right? Pretty simple. Now, $1,000 an hour tasks. These ones tend to be a little bit juicier. Okay? And these these are basically like tasks that you're probably going to want to do." And I still do some of these, not as many as as as as you might have to at the moment. But first of all, planning your day. You know, this can take you all of 15 minutes at the end of your day. And, you know, it basically ensures that you probably are twice as productive tomorrow, which tends to make you way more than $1,000. Prioritizing tasks. So, you know, watching this video, for example, or just, you know, organizing your tasks around and figuring out what you're going to do and when you're going to do it, pretty damn important. Now, closing. So, this is a pretty big one. So, you know, sales calls closing, this kind of comes into that $1,000 an hour to $10,000 an hour task mark because if you take a sales call for an hour and it closes, then you're literally going to make money, right? And what I one thing that I noticed with a lot of people, especially entrepreneurs that are still yet to get to that sort of seven figure mark, like if you're at if you're not at seven figures yet, if you're not 100K a month and you run a coaching business or an info business or an agency, the only thing that you should be doing is sales calls and that is it. Like because the highest leverage task at that point is sales calls because your course is 10 grand and you can do an hourong sales call and make 10 grand is it's the most direct relationship between your time expense and money, right? Building funnels, making ads, writing ads, right? This this depends on what level you're at. So for me, like if I if I make a really if I spend an hour making really good ads, then that could make me like a hundred grand for every hour that I spend on it. Maybe even a million million dollars, right? So depending on how much ad spend you have and stuff pretty important um YouTube video design so you know how you're going to like um record YouTube videos or content design delegating complicated tasks so building standard operating procedures making hires to outsource the $100 an hour task basically creating running tests exercise so anything that you know anything that helps your body exercise sleeping relaxing meditating and also like just chilling out with friends and like hanging out with people you know that that are good for you. Um, these things are worth a lot of money. These things are worth doing because, you know, there might not be this direct monetary return on sleeping or relaxing or chilling out, but these things need to be done. They're pretty damn important. And then reading or researching. So, you know, if you're reading like a really really compelling business book or something that's going to help you solve a problem or anything that helps you acquire information to solve immediate problems, it's going to be worth doing. All right. Now, where it gets a little bit more exciting is the $10,000 per hour tasks. And basically what we have here is we get into this upper echelon where we've got 10k an hour tasks, 100k an hour tasks, and a million hour tasks. And what you'll find quite often is these are all they all kind of merge into one. So I don't want you to binarily think that the 10k an hour tasks are less important than the 100k tasks. They are, but it depends on the level you're at. And I'm going to give you some context on each one. So first of all, building and improving product. So, in case you're wondering, this is pretty much where I spend almost all of my time with my work at the moment. Um, the last four, five, six months of my life has just been about my products and and building courses and building programs. And so, you know, this is why like my entire life has engineered to just creating products because like it really is like the $100,000 an hour, the $100,000 an hour tasks, they're not things that you can necessarily repeat every day. So, a lot of these like big big big leverage tasks like hiring geniuses or coming up with a vision for your company, these are things that you have to do, but you can't do them all the time. But the one thing that you can pretty much fill your calendar with year round is the product thing. And so, I would always look for the really high leverage 100k million hour tasks. But if there's none to do right now and there's nothing to execute on at that level, then I'll just be working on my product. Now, building and improving offers. So another thing that I've spent a lot of time on a lot of hours on recently is creating a new offer and structuring that and creating the terms and creating the marketing and it's a very very high leverage task in doing that fixing repeating problems. So in the company if you have like repeating issues that consistently show up and come up and you know just over and over again like if you fix that and it goes away then you've probably saved yourself 10 grand. It depends on the level of the of the problem, but you know, one problem we had a while ago was with like show rate. You know, people like the the show rate was consistently low and we spent a couple of hours like fixing it and now it doesn't exist anymore. And that's something that you can do in a short amount of time and fix it forever and it makes the business millions of dollars. Cost cutting huge. Literally, if you like me, my business partner and I, we do this every month or two pretty much every at least once a quarter. And what we do is we sit down and we look at the numbers for an hour and we go through every single expense we've incurred and we bucket those expenses and we ask ourselves what costs can we cut and I'm not even joking every time we do this every quarter there is usually 10 20 30 grand in unnecessary expenses that we can cut and so just by spending an hour we usually save ourselves multi6 figures you know typically per year okay negotiating big deals so you know this is another thing like if you can spend time and you know talking to people who you can do joint ventures with or you know collaborations with. It's something that doesn't take much time but building these relationships doing the dinners doing the drinks doing the the golf or whatever like pretty important right hiring and firing key team roles. So huge, huge leverage here. Like honestly, you're usually just one hire away from your goal. And if you can isolate that hire and you can put a lot of time into finding a really good one. Tons of leverage in this. You know, this is what I mean. Like instead of doing like cuz what what would happen? Let's say on a Saturday morning you're like, "Oh, I'm going to I'm going to do my meal prep." Let's say you're making 30 grand a month and it's Saturday morning and you're like, "Okay, on Saturday morning, I'm going to I'm going to do my meal prep for the week and I'm going to clean my house. Um, then I'm gonna go and do some grocery shopping and I've also got to pay some bills and I'm going to do a little bit of gardening. That might take you like six hours. But what you could do is you could pay someone, you know, 150 bucks for the day to do this. And you could spend those six hours finding a sales manager or finding an incredible sales rep, right? It is about leverage. It's about where your time goes. Selling to qualified groups, speaking to qualified crowds. So, you know, if you can if you can get in front of a big group, um, mindset work. So, you know, I honestly think that mindset work is a pretty big thing here, like you know, reminding yourself of your goals, affirmations if you need to do them, etc. Key team members, quarterly oneto ones. So, this is something that that we do every every quarter with with um our team. And, you know, we've got quite a big team, so it takes a day or two, full day or two of of oneto ones to do this, but we'll talk to our team, every single team member individually. And, you know, we might spend like half an hour with each team member to figure out how they're getting on their goals, how they're finding the work, etc. If their workload's too much, they need more, they need less. And you know, you can get a lot of efficiency and leverage out of your team just by doing this. And trust me, it's going to make you more than 10 grand just by doing that. Hanging out with people ahead of you. So, you know, if you can get in get in the c get in the room with people who are either at your level or a little bit further ahead than you or very far ahead of you, spending hours with those people is going to make you a lot of money. And then famous podcast. So, you know, if you have the option to go on podcasts or leverage other people's audiences or anything of that nature, that's usually worth doing. Um, I haven't done this yet. I get lots of podcast invitations, but um I would I would prioritize building a product that's really good over getting famous. So, yeah, that's kind of happening. Right now, the $100,000 per hour tasks. Like I said, these are not things that you can do every day. These are not things that you can necessarily chip away on every day, but every now and then, uh it will manifest in the business that you have the opportunity to do one of these things. And if you have the opportunity to do one of these things, then you should drop everything else that you're doing, especially the the drugs, and you should just focus on these things. So, first of all, incentive structures. So, you know, this is this is I kind of like thinking of how you're going to incentivize key team members like profit shares, commissions, bonuses, like all these things and how these are going to tie in. It's worth spending as many hours as you can thinking about these things because a good incentive like will will will move the needle for a team member and for the company more than anything you can possibly imagine. So spending as much time as you can thinking about that to get it right is honestly one of the highest leverage if not the highest leverage task that you can build in your company. Allocating capital. So this is where you know you're spending lots of time thinking about how you're going to spend your money. And I don't mean spend your money in in a derogatory way. I mean, how are you going to budget and allocate capital to different departments? Where are you going to put your money, store your money, invest your money? You know, if I spend like an hour or let's say I spend, you know, 10 hours with my business partner thinking about our investment strategy for the cash we've got, like it's taken us an hour, but we might be moving like $10 million in cash to an investment thing. And it's usually worth it's usually worth spending quite a few hours talking about decisions like that, right? Because the return truly can be like if you spend 10 hours on it, you can literally make, you know, 100 grand back on those 10 hours if that makes sense. You you make a million dollars back. Company restructuring. So, you know, this is basically like the infrastructure of your business, like the ecosystem. This is thinking about your product suite and your your operational chart and your and everyone you've got. And it's kind of like playing chess and moving the pieces around and how your funnel structure like you know sometimes like the biggest moves in business the biggest biggest leverage points in business are is is a restructuring where you look at your entire organization and you can spend a couple of hours just doing this. You look at your entire organization and you think just just by moving a variable around or building a new department or building a new product like these things where you take the structure of the company and you flip it on its head and you mold it. Doesn't take long to think about this stuff, but it really can make you like you can the return can literally be 100 grand to the hour. Finding long-term partnerships. So, you know, join ventures, finding people that you can, you know, you can work with and it might take you an hour to um commercially seduce someone well enough for them to, you know, do a do a commission split on their email list or something. Like, there's so many points of leverage here. Doesn't take long to build these relationships. The return is very high. Hiring genius roles kind of goes the same thing as the incentive thing, right? Like if you can find someone that's really talented, doesn't take you much time to do it, the return is going to be obscene. Extreme innovation. So this is where, you know, it might take you a few hours, might take a long time to think about this, but maybe you come up with like a new way of of of of developing your product. And I've done this with um with easy grow with with Acquisition Genesis. And Acquisition Genesis took me I think four months to build. It's like it's like one it's like a seven video series on the first principles of client acquisition and how to use them to get clients. And it took me like four months to do it. Took me a long long long long time. Long long for every hour of content there's 30 hours of work gone into it. But that was extreme innovation. No one had ever conceptualized or thought about content paid content from this sort of first principles perspective and had done it with that level of detailed. And so it was it was an extreme level of innovation. Took me so much time. It took me so much headache and pain. But the return that I've got on that is ridiculous. Might have taken me four months of suffering to do it, but it's made me a lot of money because of client results. Building systems and machines selling I'm setting strategy and direction. So, you know, like the systems and machines one's pretty straightforward, but the strategy and direction thing like thinking about the strategy of the business and like how you're going to move forward and what direction you're going to go in the vision, the mission, etc. Like these are pretty bloody important things. like you know you can really can spend like just a few hours thinking about the strategy of the business and come up with a decision that can make you like tens of millions of dollars just in a couple of hours. Um coming up with new strategy as well. Shadow work deep mindset. So this is big like this is a big big thing. Let's say that you've got some unresolved trauma or some deep dark psychological [ __ ] going on which almost every single entrepreneur does which is why we're entrepreneurs because it's not it's not normal. It's kind of weird to want what we want which means there something has happened to us right typically. if you can figure out what's wrong with you and resolve it and you know what it does is it frees up so much energy and it gives you so much potential to put into your work. So, I've put this up very high cuz I spend a lot of time doing this and working on myself and my unconscious and my mindset and my conditioning and my traumas and stuff. And like it might feel like this woowah weird like just be a man and stiff up a lipid like don't don't be don't be don't think about it but honestly man like if you if you if you get in there and like you clear that crap out like it gives you this new level of of of of power that you've never found before. Like a lot of people are fundamentally constrained by the trauma and if you can figure out how to resolve it like it opens up this new portal of existence for you and honestly it doesn't take long to do like 20 hours of of of deep therapy and shadow work can can unlock a new echelon of entrepreneurship for you and the return is obscene hanging out with mega successful people. So, you know, dude, I had the option a while ago and I took it. Of course, I took it. I had the option to go to dinner with a billionaire and, you know, it was it was like a 2-hour dinner and I was like, some of the stuff that I learned on that dinner, I've applied to the business and it's made us literally like hundreds of thousands of dollars. So, you know, doing that pretty important and then establishing principles and culture. So, you know, the culture of your business and the principles that you that your team and and and that you operate on like you need to decide them. What are your values? What's the culture of the business? Like how how do things work? Like culture is basically what happens when when more than two people in your company interact like what what is what is that like how do people do things in your company you need to set that culture decided same with your principles as well. We've done this it took me maybe like a couple of days to do this but the return has been obscene and it's one it's one of those things where you can spend a couple of days doing it. It might take you like 15 16 20 hours of work but once you've nailed it it's one of those things that just sits in stone for like 20 years and can make you hundreds of thousands of dollars in return probably more. and then million dollar an hour brilliant flawless big decisions. So this this could be anything but really the thing that in for me has moved the needle the most by far is just making really good decisions. Obviously you you got all these things you want to do but for example like you know one of the flawless big decisions that I made in my company was spending as much time as I can on my product and spending as much time as I could on that. Another um big flawless decision that we made recently was to switch all of our marketing and targeting to the USA and to move to move 80% of our ad spend into the United States market and that was because our conversion rate sales conversion rate cash collection is literally double over there. So by doing that one decision that one simple decision I is going to make it took me an hour to make just by looking at the data and it's literally going to make probably tens of million it's going to make us tens of millions of dollars. And this is what you're looking for is you're looking for these decisions in your company. These simple like easy things that don't take much time at all and just this big decision and bang, you flip the entire thing. And it's like, you know, I've got this I had this at the moment with with building um building a new course and the way we're going to structure it and the way it's going to funnel into easy grow and everything and like that was just one decision and it's now taken me like a year to build the thing. But just by making that decision, we're probably going to double the company, right? So, that's basically the CEO task priority sheet. Hope you find it useful. If you need help getting more clients, if you're a coach, consultant, or agency owner, there's a link in the description. You can click it. I don't really care if you click it or not, but we can help you if you need them. Bye-bye.