Título: Video cN2S26hmf0I
ID do Vídeo: cN2S26hmf0I
Idioma: auto
Tipo: disponivel
==================================================

So, check this out. I've been using AI memes to get clients and it work and I know that sounds a little bit strange, but just hear me out. Memes like this that I send to people in the DMs to follow up on them, the reply rate on pictures like this is insane. So, I've been using memes for my follow-ups, for cold outreach, for cold email, and all my client acquisition systems for a very long time. Um, even to the point with ads where if someone clicks on an ad and they enter an email chain, then you can create software and automation that sends them memes with their face on it and with their name on it. And I'm going to walk you through how to do this and just give you a very, very ratchet scrappy tutorial um, to show how this works. So, first things first, you need to understand the premise of actually using memes and outreach. So, for example, let's say we're talking to Tom and Tom simply will not reply. And we've sent Tom five, six messages, five, six emails, and he's just not replying. Um, me when Tom doesn't bloody reply. So, what you could do is generate this. It takes you all of 20 seconds to make it and you'd screenshot this and you'd send it to Tom and Tom would probably find that quite amusing and maybe give you his attention and time of day and allow you to take him through the next step of the funnel because of it. So you can use memes in that way. Um you know where for example you know you could caption this meme here and you know this could be reply or draw 25. Right now, you want to pick your memes carefully depending on your market and who you're working with because if you're working with people over the ages of 60, they might not have a clue as to what you're doing. Your market's a little younger and it works really well. So, you know, there's all sorts of like ways you can mess around it. But where this gets exciting is when you start customizing it either with your face or their face. So, for example, let's say that you were um receiving DMs from me and I wanted to pitch you something and you weren't replying. Then what I would do is um you can start memeing yourself. And if you're in the right market and in the right space, this this works so well. So, to show you a few examples here, um if I just pull this over. So, we all know this meme, right? The trade-off meme. This doesn't really look that much like me, but if you I'm sure if I messed around with AI for a little bit longer, I could get it to look a lot more similar to me. Um, but like it's stuff like this, you know, where you can take these memes, these these pretty common memes that are threaded into our society, you know, like um this is the Bernie Sanders meme, right? I think we can actually see this if we come back here. You know, remember this meme from while ago like I'm once again asking you to whatever the hell. um you know you can come in here and you can just basically caption it and say I'm once again asking you to reply um right down here for example but anyway you get the point um but what you can do is you can start adding your your face to this meme and so what I got here is an example so we've got the John Pork is calling meme classic and my face and I said put my face over this and give me a snout so it looks like I can basically make turn myself into John Paul and then you know it kind of messed down for a little bit. So, I had to give it the original image. But what you can do is you can send this to the person. So, if you're following up on them and you know they're not replying, just drop them this meme. It It sounds like it wouldn't work, but trust me, it does because no one has seen this before. Cold outreach and client acquisition from a from a cold perspective is all about pattern interrupt. It's all about just keeping people's attention. And often what happens when you send cold messages, cold DMs, cold emails, people just see it and they just don't even acknowledge it because it's the same thing over and over again. But when you look a little bit different, it works. Now, where you take this a step further and where this works really well is let's say that you're messaging someone. So, this is my beloved business partner B. Um, let's say you're messaging someone as you can see I am here and they're not responding and they're just for the life of you cannot get them to reply and you know it's basically an impossibility. Then what you do is you hop in to um their profile picture. And I must say Bo looks rather handsome in this one. And um you take a screenshot of their face and then what you do is you come and find a meme that you think would be relevant to them. So let's just have a quick look through through this here. Um and I want to go to the top templates. Um so let's let's see what we can do with this here. um because you're gonna see me think think this through in live action, right? So, I think we'll go for a classic I am the captain now. So, we'll take this meme and we'll say Bo, you are the captain now. Um, did you see my message? Right. I'm I'm not putting much thought into this, but we'll generate the meme. Right. And then we'll take this and we're going to screenshot it. And what we're then going to do is we're going to drag this down into here. We come into our lovely tool chat GPT. I'm going to take both these pictures and pop them in here. Okay. So, chat GPT wasn't really playing ball. Um, what I tried to do was use the captain. You're you're the captain now and that was crap. And then I tried to do the Woody and the buzz image and that didn't work. So, we ended up here with the guy holding the mug meme. Um, once again, I'm rushing this, right? I'm not really putting much thought into this. just for the sake of this quick ratchet tutorial I'm making. So, if you want to do this proper and you know you've got a really high value prospect, you can spend a few minutes, you know, really getting this right and finding a couple of memes that just work consistently, right? Um, but for the sake of this tutorial, I'm just trying all sorts of crap. So, you know what I've done is I've I've sat on this one with the guy holding the mug and you know, everybody recognizes this meme. So, what we could do, um, how you would feel if you replied, um, if you replied to me, Bo, um, we'll put his full name in. And then, you know, you can basically just screenshot this like this and then hop over to LinkedIn or wherever you're messaging this person and just upload it. And, you know, we've been doing this with memes for quite a while. The cool thing is it embeds naturally, so you know, it sends us a screenshot. When someone sees a meme like this, it's it's it's a complete pattern interrupt and they're like, "What the what what what it just it makes them think for a second like what the hell is going on?" And what that allows you to do is basically get their attention. So, you can either use just general memes like, you know, as I showed you here where you could, you know, you could be like, you know, my product, um, your current vendor and you, right? There's all sorts of ways you can play around with this, but once you get good and you know what prompts to use and you know what images work really well, you can streamline this real quick. And trust me, no one has ever received this message before, like this this sort of style of message. And so, it's it's it's cutting edge. It's new. It's shiny and it works incredibly well. And if you get good at this, then you'll get more clients. So, that's my very very brief tutorial. Hope you liked it. By the way, if you need help getting more clients, there's a link in the description you can click. Um, we've got a whole program. I we we teach this stuff in way more detail, but I like to keep these videos like short and to the point and snappy just so that you've got like a a nice understanding of how these things work without boring you and talking about all the theory behind it for like four hours. But if you're interested in getting more clients, there's a link in the description. Talk soon. by