Título: Video JX8Y3eA2H2g
ID do Vídeo: JX8Y3eA2H2g
Idioma: auto
Tipo: disponivel
==================================================

Okay. So, as someone who's uh scaled to eight figures, as you can see by my multiple 10 million awards on the on the wall there, um I'm going to walk you through like get getting to eight figures. It's it's not easy, but it is very simple. And really all eight figures is is basically a collection of metrics. Because if you think about it, like eight figures is 800k a month. And that's a number. And the cool thing about business is that numbers are made up of numbers which are made up of numbers which are made up of numbers. And what that means is that you can you can engineer 800k a month or a million a month by basically engineering all the little you know metrics that that feed into it. And so if you think if you imagine that this is kind of like a pyramid where at the top you have the amount of money you make or your profit. Um, and then below that you have all these little systems that have all these little bricks that have to be in place and built up to, you know, get get to the height of 800k a month. So really what I've done here is this is specifically for info entrepreneurs, coaches, consultants, people selling like high ticket courses. Um, I don't know how to get eight figures with an agency or anything else because I haven't done that. But I know to get seven figures with an agency. It's kind of the same thing. But either way, like depending on your goal or your business model, this this this this method of thinking will still help you and still apply. So, what we're looking to do here is we're basically looking to find asymmetries. Um, an asymmetry is something in the business that if focused on moves the needle the most. Okay? So, you know, different businesses and different founders have different asymmetries in different places. For me, right now, for example, um the asymmetry that I've been working on for the last really year is my sales conversion rate. And now my sales conversion rate is increasing. So my biggest asymmetry is ad spend. Right? So you know where your focus should be and go depends on where the biggest problem is. And the biggest problem depends on the biggest constraint, the biggest bottleneck. So you know if you're wondering like what is an asymmetry. It's basically well just working on something that you know releases a constraint or a bottleneck. Now um I won't bother reading this. You can read it if you want to. But the this is basically a table of asymmetries. So what I've done here is I have mapped out the percentage conversion rate or cost per metric for 8 figures. And I know that these numbers make sense because if you have all these numbers then you will achieve eight figures if you have a typical high ticket info business. And the reason I know that you will achieve eight figures with these numbers is because I achieved eight figures with these numbers. Okay? This is not some theory crafted teaching thing. I actually did this. Right? So here's the thing. If you want to scale and you want to get to eight figures, first of all, you need to have actually probably well, you need to get seven figures first, right? But if you want to scale and you want to get to multi7 figures, seven figures, you need to have proof of concept, which means that, you know, you need to have signed 30 clients, you need to have booked hundreds of appointments, but you know, I'm I'm assuming you're watching this and you you've already you already know your business works, right? Which means that you already have like appointments coming in, maybe you've got a rep or two, you got results, you got clients. It's like it's a working business. So, what I've done here is I've ranked these in order of importance. And what I'm going to do is I'm going to basically explain them and you can you make make a similar um diagram for yourself. And so, here's what we have. So, you have refund rate. This is the most important metric, hands down, the most important metric for an info business. A lot of people think the most important metric for a business, for these one of these coaching businesses, is cost per call or sales conversion rate or, you know, cash collected or average order value. Not true. Uh-uh. The most important thing is refund rate. And the reason this is true is because it doesn't matter how good you are at marketing and it doesn't matter how good you are at sales. If your refund rate is high and clients aren't satisfied, then you're not going to survive for the long term. You might be able to, you know, print money for a year or two and and and make some money, but then you're going to destroy your reputation, your soul, and the livelihood of people that buy from you. So, if your refund rate is anything higher than 5%, if it if if it's even close to 5%, then your product sucks and you need to fix that because you like, you know, we all talk about traffic, you know, and and getting traffic and appointments and deals, but traffic sent to a jam won't move. And what that means is that if you get you can get as many clients as you want. You can get as many deals as you want, as much cash as you want, but if all those people end up refunding, you're going to shut Stripe is going to shut you down. You're going to get bad reviews. Trust Pilot reputation. I'm seeing this. I'm watching this happen with a lot of people um in my space at the moment. You know, they just suck. So, first thing, so what you need to do is you can um I'll put this um this document will actually be in the description. So, what you need to do is you need to put your metric in here. What is your refund rate? You know, because god damn it, if this thing's like 15%, man, like it sucks. To put this into perspective, my refund rate is about 0.4%. Um, actually I think it's lower than this now, but we've sat we we I I've signed 3,000 clients into my program and our refund rate is like I don't know, it's it's like one less than 1% now. So yeah, it's pretty good. Now, so what you do is you work your refund rate in here and then basically you either say if it's in KPI or not. So if you have like a 3% refund rate, then you're in KPI. Okay? And all we're looking to do here for this exercise and this way of scaling to eight figures is just make sure we're in KPI for everything. And if we are in KPI for everything, then all we have to do is increase volume of appointments, which is quite easy. So dispute rate, kind of like refund rate, which is basically just like, you know, how many people are triggering credit card disputes on Stripe or on your payment processor. It's just another indication of client satisfaction. If this thing is any I mean, dude, if this thing's higher than like 1%, you're going to get cooked by Stripe anyway. But some payment processes that some of you guys use, like they don't they they tolerate a little bit of a higher dispute rate. But it's the same thing like if your dispute rates like two 3% or higher and you're pissing people off enough for them to feel the need to actively seek their credit card support team so they can stab you in the back with a dispute. I mean, come on. Our dispute rate is 0.5%. Um, four 5%. Our refund rate is is is like between 0.5 and 1%, but the dispute rate is 0.5%. Um, now you're going to put your dispute rate in here. You can find this on Stripe. It'll be there. And you know, if if it's high, then you won't have Stripe because Stripe will shut you down. Next thing is nightmare rate. So, what you're noticing here is these the first three metrics that are really important are measures of your customer satisfaction and success. A nightmare rate is basically what percentage of your clients are a nightmare. So if you sign, you know, 100 clients, how many of them are going to be really annoying to deal with? And and we measure this based on like, you know, people that like email support all the time and they get angry in the community and they're on coaching calls like taking up like 45 minutes and like they're emailing you and they're shouting and like just how what's your nightmare rate? This should be less than 10%. So, you know, you won't have a specific metric on this, but you can you can get some sort of gauge here. Now, now we actually talk about acquisition, which is probably something that you're interested in. So, collection percentage rate. So, this is basically if you sign people up on payment plans, what is the percentage collection rate of those payment plans? So, say you charge 10 grand and you onboard someone on a five pay, so they pay over five months. like are you collecting more than 50% of the revenue that was contract that the client was contractually obliged to pay? If you're not, then this is another indication that your product sucks because, you know, we sell five pays, four pays and our collection rate is like 70% or 65% and that's good. And the reason that people have crappy collection rates again is because their product sucks. Because if someone pays two grand and they're supposed to pay another eight and they come in and after two weeks they think, "God damn, this thing sucks. This is not worth I don't want I don't want to continue paying to have access to this piece of crap." Then it sucks. So this is kind of the point is like all of these metrics here, the first four most important metrics and they are ranked in order of importance are all about your product because people don't think about the product. the the the single core foundation of eight figures or multiate figures, the single keystone, the the the bottom layer of the pyramid of scale is your product because like yeah, you can get to eight figures with a crap product, but you won't last long. You know, this happened to Taylor Welch, right? Traffic and funnels. Like the dude like he I I I never bought any of his products. I've just heard rumors, but he got from what I understand, he got sued or attacked by the financial trade conduct authority or like some government body that like, you know, they had to interject with him because he was like scamming people because his products suck so much or something like that, you know, like these guy, a lot of these guys like these gurus, they get sued that their products are that bad that they get to eight figures, they get to multiate figures and then the government comes after them because they've scammed so many people. So, I don't actually know Taylor Welch personally. I don't know his products, but you know, this is it's to get to get investigated by a financial conduct authority or the FTC or something. That's you got to do something pretty damn bad, right? You got to rip a few people off or you know, at least from from my understanding. Maybe he is a is a darling angel. I don't know. But you get my point. Okay. Now, the next thing is off of validity. So, you put your metrics in here. If you're in KPI, if if you're out of KPI here, then I'm sorry, but you just have a lot of work to do on your product and you do not deserve to scale until you can deliver a product or a service that actually gets the job done and solves the problem and makes people happy enough so that they don't stop paying so that they actually don't become a nightmare and they don't dispute or refund, right? Offer validity. So, you can only really get to eight figures if you've booked like hundreds of appointments already. So there's no point in trying to go from like, you know, 20K a month to like a million a month if you're if you haven't even booked enough appointments. So just have you actually booked like a hundred or a couple hundred appointments? Because if you have, what this indicates is that your offer or the the the offer, and I'm not talking, by the way, about referrals. I'm talking about cold outbound appointments. Have you used your offer and your messaging to book hundreds of them or at least 120? Because if you haven't, then if it's all been through referrals or inbound, then you don't know that your offer is actually good. And the only way that you're going to scale to eight figures is cold traffic because not enough people know you exist probably to get you to eight figures, right? So, you need to validate that your offer and your messaging works on a cold audience. A lot of people, they get to seven figures with inbound, with like referrals and stuff and and then they're like, "Yeah, I'm going to scale to eight figures." and then like they try and get the ads thing to work or the email or the setting team thing to work and it doesn't because they haven't validated the offer. So, have you have you validated your offer? I'm going to put this cold. Now, in fact, we will put this on this side. Cool. Uh profit margin. So, this is a huge one. Honestly, this like this should be 75%. Now, it depends on where you're at, right? So, if you're making like 5 600k a month, 700k a month, then we can get away with a cheeky 60% margin. But honestly, like my margins at 800K a month are 50%. Right? So, put in perspective last month, I made like what 850 900 grand and we kept 420 or something or like something like 450. But we are on a 50% margin at 8 figures. So really really I put 50% here to be kind. This should be 80%. If you can't figure out how to get 70% 75% 80% margins it's seven or multi7 figures then all that's going to happen is you're going to scale some horrific inefficiencies to eight figures. Like you know, we got mastermind clients who are like at like 200k, 300k a month. And there's one guy in our mastermind who's doing 300k a month, but he's on like a 15% profit margin, like 155. And I was like, he was like, I want to get to like a mill a month. I was like, dude, you've got you've got way more leverage in just figuring out how to become more efficient. The dude had like 70 team members and he has like no organic and like his product is like a third of the price of what it should be and he's got no collection rate. And I was like dude like you know if you scale to eight figures you're going to probably bring your profit margins down to like 5%. And then also you're going to make more money just by increasing your profit margin by like double than than scaling. Because I said to him I was like you can double everything or you can just increase your profit margin by double. It's way easier to do the profit margin thing. So, if your margin is is I've put here sub 50%, but honestly in hindsight it should be like 60 70 at least because you're going to lose a lot of profit efficiency as you try to scale. Okay, which can be fine. You can you can always bring it back afterwards. But you need to be doing like you know 7.7 figures at at least a 60 70% 80% margin before you even think about scaling. So AOV of price. Now this is pretty straightforward. um how much cash do you collect upfront on new deals? Um so let's say that you charge $15,000 and every deal that you you close on average gives you $5,000 up front. Um now you've got a 33% AOV. This should be at least 25%. Really, it should be at least 50%. Ours is 50% to put into perspective. Um so we we we collect an average of like, you know, 45 50 55% AOV. Um, 25% is doable, but the thing is is you need to have a bloody expensive program. Like, if you're only charging like five grand and you're collecting 25% up front, which means that you're collecting $1,250 up front, you're not going to liquidate your ad spend. You're going to lose money. Like, it's and you're going to have to pay your sales reps on that. It's it's not a pretty time for anyone, right? So, your AOV needs to be at least like you need to be collecting at least like three, four KS a sale or at least 2K a sale, but even that like you're cutting it very very fine. You better have a damn good back end and a bloody good collection rate, otherwise you're in deep trouble. Uh, ads cost per strategy session. So, if you're running ads, and you might not be running ads at the moment, but when you run ads, the KPI that I have for my cost per call is $200. So, I'm running YouTube ads or Facebook ads or whatever, like I need to be paying $200 or less per appointment. Now, if I paid $ 250, would it be the end of the world? No. But these these numbers here that you're looking at on the screen have been engineered to help you achieve a 40% 50% margin at eight figures. And the most expensive thing for a high ticket info business is ads. And the only thing we run ads for is to get calls. So the cheaper the call, the more profitable you're going to be. So my my cost per strategy session is literally bang on like $1.99 for the last for last year. I spent like what do we spend couple mill on ads easy and like you know our average cost per call was like 200 bucks. If you're doing outbound so if you're doing outbound ABR like let's say you're doing cold email you've got setters then your process needs to be converting at at least 2.5% or more. So you know if you've got a setting team or you're doing cold email like you want to scale through the um the outbound systems that need to be at least 2.5%. if it's not like you're just it's just not worth scaling because it's just going to cost too much and it's there's not enough volume in the market and stuff like that. Now, in terms of ads, if you're running them, your day one rorowass should be 1.5x and your LTV rorowass should be at least 3x. Now, not necessarily, right? My LTV is sometimes like two to 2.5x, but that is also including paying my sales reps. But generally speaking, like you know, you want your lifetime value to to to get towards that 3x mark um on on ads rorowass. Okay. Now, show rate big big one for 50%. Right? So, if you're let's say that you're doing um a mill a year and you want to get to a mill a month and your show rate right now is like 30%. Well, sorry mate, you need to fix that because all that's going to happen is you scale and literally have to 10x the amount of appointments you get. You're probably going to reduce your show rate even more because you got colder traffic. you got more people to reach out to, etc., etc. So, show rate should be at least 50%, ours is 60%, sometimes 65%. So, you know, that's that's kind of the I I I know everyone in this space who's at eight and multiate figures basically. And we all have a 60% show rate. Like, you know, the 65% 66% is really as good as it gets. Just industry standard. Like, I don't I've never found anyone that's figured out how to get it anywhere beyond that. Doesn't mean it can't be done, but you know, if you have a 50% show rate, that's that's good enough to scale. But you you want to try and get it to 60 if you can because you know the difference between a 60% show rate and a 50% show rate it scale is like a 15% increase in like margin like or like a 10% increase in margin. It's bloody insane how much this thing has a has a um has an impact. Now the last thing is sales conversion rates. So, you need to have a 25% sales conversion rate minimum. And I say this because like your sales reps are going to convert probably half as bad as you. So, before I hired my first sales reps, my sales conversion rate in my company was like 40% 45%. Um, I was like a demon on the phone, right? What that meant is when I hired reps, I could train them. And generally speaking, all of your reps are going to be half as good as you as a rule of thumb. So the scaling the the the the the minimum KPI for scaling a sales team profitably efficiently at 8 figures whilst keeping 40 to 50% of the money as profit is 15%. A 15% sales conversion rate for a sales rep is especially at scale um pretty damn good. Ours is now like 18%. I'm trying to get it to like 20%. I think we'll probably be there in the next couple of months. But I found that you can you can scale a sales team with a 50% 15% conversion rate. This is only though if you have these other metrics in place, right? Because if you only have like a 20% show rate, then the sales conversion rate never matters. And if your average order value is terrible and you're not your collection rate is terrible, then it doesn't matter what you close because you're not going to make any money anyway, right? So if you want to know how to find these metrics, you can scroll down and you know if you're worried about like where to you know locate specific things so you can put them in then you can take a look here and that's fine. But once you all Okay, here's the thing. Scale it happens in two stages. Stage one is proof of concept. Stage two is volume. This exercise here is designed to help you find proof of concept. So basically, if you have all of these metrics in KPI, then the only thing that you have to do to grow your business is increase the volume of traffic and appointments. That is it. There's there's there's nothing else that you need to do. Because think about it, if you've got a couple of sales reps converting at 15%. And you've got a show rate of 55%. And your ad all that's going to happen all that all that all that happens when you scale is you increase what you already have. scale is basically just an increase in size and it's fractal which means that what you have now will just be double of what you have next if you scale by double. Now it's obviously not completely linear because you know you get to a point of diminishing returns your ads frequency spikes your reps burn out your systems can fail you know your support team might not be able to handle the clients but those are all problems that can be pretty easily solved. Sorry, I've got I've got an itchy nose. I've got like hay fever or something. I'm not picking my nose, I promise. I'm just like it. But scale is just an increase in size. And all you need to do to scale is get these metric. If you if you have these metrics and KPI, then all you have to do is spend like 200 grand a month on ads and you'll be at 700 800 grand a month. And I know because it's literally what I've done. Um that's it. It is literally this simple. It's just getting the and then like you maybe need to spend the next like six to nine to 12 months getting all these things in KPI but the second the second that these things are in KPI and you've got systems that can support these numbers you have permission to just go absolutely ballistic with ads and this is what I'm doing now. I'm I'm I've I've kind of consolidated at eight figures for about nine months now. We've we've kind of flatlined and plateaued to basically improve our sales rep conversion rate efficiency and our show rate efficiency and our AOV. Like these things were in KPI and they got us to like 800k a month, 900k a month, but like I want to get to 2 mill a month, right? And so what I've had to do for the last really nine months is build systems that you know bring the rep conversion rate to like 20% and bring the show rate to 66% and bring the LTV up and you know and bring the cost per call down as much as I can and bring the AOV up to like 50%. Because we started it I was at eight figures with a 25% AOV but now I've like got this to 50%. But the volume hasn't increased but when we increase the volume we'll double the business. That makes sense. So and it's also like these these have never been a problem for us because our product is just insane. But you know, our collection rates gone up and our cash collection. So, you know, it it's like when you want to scale, you you first lay the foundations for scale by improving your metrics and then you just increase volume. Because for me now, getting from a mill a month to 2 mill a month is just about spending double on ads and having double the sales team. Yes, it's going to be chaos. Yes, things are going to break. Yes, I might make less profit in the short term, but in theory, it's very simple. It's very straightforward. Um, yeah, that's basically how I did it. If you are wanting to do this and you want a faster way to do it, then there's a couple of links in the description you can check out. We've got um a program for client acquisition to systemize basically all of this. But then we also have a mastermind for people already making 30K a month that want to get to eight figures. And we we are actually doing it for about like nine months now. And we've taken like a ton of people from like multi6, seven figures to like high seven nearly eight figures. So yeah, we're pretty good at it and um it works. So yeah, see you.