Today, I'm going to clone a $400 million
app alone without writing a single line
of code. And I know that sounds crazy,
but my goal is to prove to you that you
can build your own app and that building
an original idea can be a little
overrated. So, in this video, I'm going
to show you how to build it with just
one tool. I'm also going to show you the
exact thought process to go and build a
business on top of existing demand.
Let's get started.
Now, the app I chose to clone for this
challenge is a company that's been able
to rack up more than 50 million active
users before they actually sold for $425
million to Atlassian. Now, you might
have already guessed this, but yes, we
will be building the most popular
project management tool out there called
Trello. Your next question is probably
why are we going to try to compete
against this huge company? So, let me
quickly break down the strategy we're
going to be using today.
Now you see as companies start growing
and maturing they start all using a very
similar strategy which is to add
additional features on top of their core
feature set. Now the problem is that
over time as you employ this strategy it
can often also mean an increase in price
but also just having kind of clunky
cumbersome and totally bloated software.
And so the strategy we're going to use
today is to simply simplify the app to
its core functionalities. again have a
competitive pricing model and then
target people who are frustrated with
this software. Think of Calendarly. It's
a billion-dollar company that literally
just does one feature that so many other
features already do. And the cool thing
from there is that over time you can
also identify a smaller segment that
you're catering to and really fine-tune
and differentiate by adding features
specifically for those individuals.
That's enough for strategy. Let's jump
into the tool we're going to use to make
this magic happen.
This, my friends, is Emergent, and it's
an AI coding platform that racked up
more than $700,000 users in the first
two months and reached $10 million in
annual revenue in that same time period.
$10 million a year in 2 months. Can't
believe this is the world we live in
right now. Anyway, they graduated from Y
Combinator and have put together
something that's really interesting. The
ability to easily build MVPs like Vibe
Coding and the ability to have
enterprise level apps as well. And they
are what nerds call full stack. Meaning
that you can build the front end, the
design, the visuals, buttons, etc. The
back end, meaning all the
functionalities, the database,
integrations, authentication,
storage, all of these things in one. And
so now, let's jump in and start
building.
I'm going to hop into the platform. And
the first thing I'm going to do is
create a starter prompt. Now, the way I
usually do this is actually by creating
a full PRD, which is a product
requirement document. It basically
documents everything, all of the user
flows, exactly how you want all the
functionalities of your app to work as
well as how you want it designed. But
when I build clones, there is actually
so much publicly available information
about what we're actually building. I
find that for apps that are popular, we
don't have to go through that because
there's a lot of publicly available
information. And these agentic platforms
are great at finding that and building
exactly what we're talking about. So
I'll have a much simpler prompt. So I'll
just start by just saying, please build
a simplified clone of Trello. Now the
first thing it does here is run a web
search query to figure out what it
actually has to do right and when we say
agentic platform what it means is that
you have many different agents inside a
platform that are responsible for
different things. So one will go out
right now and search the web and find
out all the information about Trello it
needs to then give it to a planning one
which will start planning how it's done
that'll send it to a different one
that'll do the product requirement
document that we talked about. And so if
you hear people saying agentic, it just
means there's lots of agents. And
usually there's going to be some kind of
a supervisor on top that gives
instructions to those agents. And what
it started opening up right now is the
app preview. But if I close this, I can
actually come back to seeing the code,
previewing the app or deploying that
app. So let's see what it's done here.
It's now created a number of different
files here, which is amazing. a board
file, an app file, a list file, a card
file, which are all the things or the
elements we're going to need for a
Trello board if you guys are familiar.
And it also tells me here that it has
agent will continue working after a
reply. So, it's given me all this
information and it recommends the next
steps. But first, let's see what's
actually being created here. Okay, look
at this. As you can see here, you have
basically a full Trello board, right?
This is pretty cool. So, let's check it
out because I'm guessing that a lot of
this is simply just design. Ultimately,
you have different categories. To-do, in
progress, review, done, and it's showing
us that each one of these cards also has
additional information about them. So,
let's go ahead and add a card. Hello.
How are you? Let's see. Add this card.
We now see that the cards themselves
don't have all the features that it's
showing here, but it's giving us
examples of uh what you could have as
features. Now, let's see if we can grab
a card and we can shift it over. We can.
So, the drag and drop works as well. And
what if I add another list here? Let's
call it test list. Perfect. So, that
works. And if I put this inside here, it
also should work. Perfect. Okay. So, it
seems like the drag and drop
functionalities work pretty well. Let's
see what's up here. Okay, these buttons
don't actually work yet, but it's pretty
impressive what it's been able to do
with just one shot. So, now let's come
back here inside of the platform and
continue to work. Now the
recommendations here are to proceed with
back-end development full stack
application with database persistence.
This now is building out the full
backend functionalities including the
ability to connect to APIs. It seems
like it ran into a little bit of an
issue here, but it identified its issue
before I even had to say anything and
started actually fixing it, which is
really cool. And it's working on making
the functionalities for the board, the
lists, and also the individual cards to
work properly. So remember on the front
end we build user experience on the back
end we're building out the
functionalities that power those and
then we have to start thinking about
data where do you store the data in a
database right but then if we create
authentication which is each person
creates their account we need to
associate that data of that specific
account to the account right so that
when you log in you're going to find the
information that you had right your
project is going to be here and so those
are going to be things we're going to
have to test out here. So now it's
finished working. It tells us it has
successfully built out this app. And
let's see whether or not that's true. So
here we now see that these cards also
work. It's full stack. Let's see add an
additional card. So we see that it's
pretty much working, but there are
plenty of things in the app that don't
work yet. So now that we have a full
stack app, we're going to start to tweak
the functionalities of it. Now the key
here is to do element by element, not to
try to solve everything at the same time
and to fix the important things first.
So, I'm going to start off with the
cards. Please add more functionality to
the cards. Each card when created should
give us the ability to assign those to
someone, priority level, deadline, etc.,
etc. So, I'm basically telling it to add
categories to the cards. Now, as it's
working on that, let me show you
something that you can also do. You can
access the code here, but this is where
it becomes really great for kind of
enterprise level uh software is that
that code you actually get access to
within Visual Studio. And the reason why
that's cool is that if you're working
with a programmer, they'll quickly get
access to something that they're very
familiar with already. I don't want to
spend too much time here, but here is
the full app structure built out. And
now, if I come back here, we can go
ahead and check out the preview of the
new app that has added. So, let's go
ahead and add detailed cards. Now, we
have the ability to add a card. We can
call it hello world. And now the
description priority level um low high
priority date of accomplishment. We can
choose the date tomorrow. We can choose
a member. So this is obviously not yet
functional. And then we can choose a
category too. And now we can create the
card. And boom, just like that, it
creates the card. And we have the
ability to move that card. So this is
really cool. It's actually fixed that
entire thing. And now we're just going
to step by step continue to fine-tune
this app exactly the way that we'd like
it. Now, I recommend that you finish off
this card fully before you move on to
the next step. Right? If you want to add
an additional category that's not here,
make sure to do that before you jump
into fixing other things. And because I
don't want to bore you too too much with
all the small details, I'm going to
continue working on this and then I'm
going to show you the next step.
Okay, so now I'm happy with the board
view. I'm happy with all the features
inside of it. And I'm now going to
create a whole different page, the
experience, which is basically going to
be the dashboard where if you haven't
yet created a board, you can create new
boards. If you do have boards, you can
check them out there. And if you click
on one of those boards, you're going to
be able to open up this view that we
have created here. The dashboard will
also be the place where I want people to
land once they sign up or sign into the
app. And so I'm going to tell it exactly
what I've just told you right here in
one prompt. So that's the process. Once
you've created all the functionalities
inside one view or it could be a
specific tab inside of a dashboard, you
can move to adapting the functionalities
in that next tab start to finish. So
let's click on go and let this cook.
Okay, so I see it only allows me to
create very simple cards here. Okay, I
would like for these cards to actually
uh be more like the other cards that we
had before. I'm going to ask it to
actually change that. So I just put in a
prompt here to fix that and now it's
telling me you're absolutely right.
We're going to fix that for you. Isn't
it amazing when AI tells you what you
want to hear? Okay, now it tells me it's
done it. Let's check it out. Let's
create a new board. This time we're
going to call it Ian. We're going to
select the color and we're going to
create a new board. This board is now
called Ian. I love how it's kind of like
rearranged this. I click on Ian. Let's
see if we add um another list. Add list.
If I add a card here,
add card. We give it a due date and then
um attachment. No. Save changes. Boom.
Error. Okay. Well, let's just screenshot
this error here. And then we're going to
upload it here.
This is something that's pretty good
practice. When you run into an error,
boom, you just grab that error. You take
a screenshot, upload it. I really love
this Aentic infrastructure. No wonder
they already have a million users. It's
done. Let's see what is cooked up. Go
ahead and add a new one. Christian
create board.
Click inside Christian. Add a new list
to do. Add list. And then add a card. My
card. Excellent. Add the card. Perfect.
Now, if I click on this, excellent. I
can do all this stuff.
Due date. Select a due date. label
design. Excellent. Save changes. And now
it has saved them. This is really cool.
And now I can add another list uh in
progress.
Add. Boom. Excellent. And then add a
card here. Uh or just drag this card.
Oh, sorry. This was I shouldn't be doing
that, but it works perfectly. Boom. Drag
it over. Guys, it works. But even before
this, we need to have a landing page.
And we then need to have people log in
to be able to have access to this
information. So let's go ahead and ask
for it to do authentication. Now
authentication is not just about letting
people inside your app. It's also about
connecting those individuals to the data
they've created inside the app so that
if you log in, you're not going to find
someone else's boards. You also need to
consider sign up, sign in, forgot
password, reset password, all of these
different scenarios and they're all
going to be included inside of the
authentication. Bang bang, here we are.
are my friends. Let's check out what
they've built out in full screen. So,
it's created a landing page, Prello
clone. Maybe I'm going to change the
name of this. Organize your work and
life finally. Turn your team's chaos
into organized workflows. Collaborate,
manage project, and reach your new
productivity peaks. Excellent. So,
everything you need, team collaboration,
lightning fast, secure, and private.
Love it. But the more important thing
here is that if I want to sign up, it
should have a full signup experience.
Let's go ahead and put in a uh password
here. And I am inside of my boards.
Okay, let's create a new board. We'll
call it test board.
Let's go ahead and uh click on one of
these colors. Test board. Open that up.
I unfortunately have not yet done my
taxes. And that's okay because there was
a an extension here. And let's go ahead
and save that. Boom. Tax documentation.
It progresses. And the next step here is
to actually implement real
authentication because now it's telling
me exactly what to do. I'm going to just
tell it to do these one by one. Go ahead
and allow it to do them one by one.
Okay, so it's finished cooking. Now
let's check it out. Now let's go ahead
and sign up. This time we're going to be
signing up with let's see a different
email address. Let's go ahead and close
this here. Check it out. Now we even
have a an entire thing. I know that it's
working because I can sign out. Can also
potentially even enter settings,
profile. Okay, these I can't yet get
access to. I would have to build these
out as well. But yeah, now this thing
works.
Okay, so Emergent actually has its own
native backend, meaning that it already
has built-in database, authentication,
payments, deployment, and scaling as
well. That pretty much eliminates the
reliance for thirdparty tools like
Superbase. And the next step here, we're
just going to follow it. It's going to
say to just basically um connect the
database basically. Okay, so this is it.
The moment of truth. If this works, it
means that we should not have any data
in the database. It should have cleared
the database because now we're going to
be able to actually have data that
works. So, let's see if this actually
worked out. Boom. We don't have any
data. That is great news. Let's go ahead
and create our first board here. So, my
project is going to be build your app.
And we're going to go ahead and create
this. Now, we're going to open this up.
Add list
in progress. Boom. Add card. Um, start
researching
app ideas. Add this card. Now, let's go
ahead and add the details to this card.
go to Reddit and do research on pain
points. And then we're going to go ahead
and add a member. We're going to label
it design. We're going to go ahead and
grab a due date um 11th. And we're going
to save this. Now, let's create a new
one. So, this list is going to be to-do.
Here, we're going to add a card. Hello.
Add card. Now, we're going to create
another one. See if this drag and drop
works. In progress.
Add list.
Hey, it now works, my friends. Okay, so
now let's come back to the boards here.
And we're going to want to do two more
things as I just mentioned before we
launch this. First of all, let me just
log out. Sign out. Boom. Look at that.
Works perfectly. Log back in. Let's go
ahead and do that. Boom. Just like that.
Close. Testing is everything here, my
friends. So, I highly recommend that you
get a couple people to sign in, sign
out, create new accounts, create boards,
start using these boards, my friends.
We're not yet ready to launch this
platform. Why? Because we're not ready
to publish this app until we've debugged
it. And that's one of the things that
Emer is really good at. So, I'm going to
write, please debug this app and prepare
it to be published. Boom. Now, after we
do the debugging, but before we launch,
there are two final steps. The first one
is going to be for us to actually
publish this. The second thing is going
to be to connect it to a domain. I'm
going to show you how you can do that.
But we're almost there, my friends.
About an hour into the build here, and
hopefully we'll be done before 2 hours.
It all really depends on how easy it is
now. So, let's go back and check out
what it's built out for us. Okay, so it
just finished debugging. Now, let's
check out what it's telling us.
Essentially, over here, it's telling us
everything that it actually did in terms
of the test that we passed pretty much
everything. 21 total features tested,
100% success rate. Excellent. So now I
think we are going to be ready for
production, meaning that we can deploy
this app. There's a couple steps in
deployment, building the package,
migrating the database, exporting the
secrets, which are basically the API uh
keys, deploy, and then run a health
check. So let's allow it to do its
magic. It says here that it's going to
take a couple of minutes and then we're
going to see where we are at.
Sign up. Full sign up experience. Log
in. Same thing. If we go a bit further
down and we choose to start the free
trial, it's going to make us create an
account, which is great. Let's go for
this. Boom. We are logged in. And now,
my friends, we can create our first
board here or here. Once we do have a
first board created, this will fully
work. Christian's
uh board.
Let's go ahead and enter that. Perfect.
Now we can come in here and again we
will be able to create all this. Hey
then the second one will be
and the third one will be
let's see hi. Let's be absolutely
innovative here. Let's create a new
card. Uh try pancakes.
I'm not even spelling any of this stuff
right. But it doesn't matter. The goal
is that we see that all of this stuff
now works. Uh we can adapt stuff as we
wish. We can now make it work. You can
share. It's absolutely amazing my
friends. We have deployed our first app.
But one thing that people always ask me
for is Christian, how do I connect my
custom domain? So let's check it out.
Right here underneath there is a way to
link a domain. Custom domain link it
right here. And here if I put a custom
domain, for example, we are no code to
next. It's going to try to find that
domain and help you connect it. It's
going to give you instructions right
here how to connect your domain. And in
this case, I'm going to be able to then
check the status once I've updated that.
So you would have to go inside of your
domain registar. So maybe you bought
this under GoDaddy or Namecheep or any
other platform like that for that
matter. You're going to have to direct
that so that every time that people come
and click on this, they have it
connected to your website. And once
you've connected this, you're going to
see this being green and you can click
on redeploy. Now, if you enjoyed this
video, but want to watch me build a full
microsass from scratch and get first
paying customers, then check out this
video, my friends, because that's
exactly what I'm going to do in there.
And if you like this, subscribe to the
channel. Let's go.