Título: Video v8XU7wNDju0
ID do Vídeo: v8XU7wNDju0
Idioma: auto
Tipo: disponivel
==================================================

If you want to be successful and if you want to make a ton of money, then it usually helps to have a business. And to have a business, you have to have customers and you have to exist in a niche or a market. And what a niche or a market is is a collection of people. And that collection of people share traits and have affinity. What you can do if you know your market is extrapolate all of those traits and pieces that you know about your market into an avatar. And an avatar is like the average person in your market. If you understand this person, you understand your entire niche. And what you can start doing is constructing all of your business systems and all of your entities in your company towards the satisfaction and gratification of this person. This is how you win and this is how you get insane business results is when you understand your niche on a level that is so deep and terrifying that you know them better than they know themselves. And you can tell them things about themselves that they knew but didn't know they knew. It's scary. And I what I'm going to do here is walk you through my avatar and it's pretty big. I've got 28 pages of information on you. So, I'm going to test you and you can tell me if any of this resonates. What I'm going to do is walk you through my avatar and I'm going to give you some live examples of of things that I know about my my market and I'm going to show you how to build your own avatar and give you some suggestions that you can use to immerse yourself in your market. So, you can do this. The reason you want to do this, by the way, is because your business is all about your customer and all about your market. When people start businesses, they think too much about themselves and they're they become too self-centered in their interests. When you can project your interests and make the business about the person that you're serving, things start getting better. Because when you build funnels, when you build cold email scripts, when you build sales scripts, when you build products, it should never be about what you want to build or what you find fun to build. It should be about what people want you in your market to build. People in your market want you to build. and also what they would find fun. So, here's my avatar and I call this the be to wannabe. So, this is for people who might you maybe you resonate with this, maybe you're a little more advanced because this is on my business channel. Um, but generally speaking, growing up, he was never anything special at school and during his early mid- teenage years. He blended into the crowd, wasn't popular, never did anything outstanding, was an average or below average student. School came in his life as this bum um boring dumb perhaps traumatizing blur. So, maybe you, if you resonate with any of this, then you'll see where I'm going with this. As he progressed through school later years, he felt a sense of dread associated with the path laid out for him. University, jobs, kids died. He's aware of the rat race, and it terrifies him. But everyone does it, so it must be right, right? Wrong. He has to do something to escape it before it's too late, and he can't afford to take a risk to do it. Am I talking to you? He's desperate to reject society's financial belief systems, but lacks the confidence to do so. 9 to5 career path. He hates the idea of that. Um then he came across like some millionaire dude talking about success and how it's possible. He dismissed this guy as a scammer full of [ __ ] Then he saw another another they say the right things. Then he bought a course. Okay. So he makes a purchase some course. Um there's now a shred of belief and faith that it can actually work. A new identity is being formed an actual goal set. What used to be an abstract dream became financially free and never worry about money again. He used to have like an abstract dream, this idea of of making money online, but now it's actually solidified into becoming financially free or making 10K a month or becoming a millionaire. And he's no longer a consum consumer. So, he's not like an average normal human anymore who thinks that way. But he's also not a business person. He's not like he's he's not in business, but he's not in the 9 to5 rat race. He's kind of in this weird chasm between both. His identity is split down the middle between average guy and entrepreneur. be to wannabe. This is my market, right? And I'm going somewhere with this. So, he starts the course he bought sucks at the beginning. Your the first course you bought probably sucked, right? You know it. I know it. Um, but he doesn't know, but what he doesn't know, but he doesn't know that he has nothing to compare it to the traditional education system. So, basically, he doesn't know that the course he bought sucks because all he's ever known is traditional education, and that really sucks. So, he thinks it's good. Um, anyway, he starts doubting himself. He he has some hope, then he has some doubts. He goes from confident to hopeful and joyful to then being terrorized and miserable and uncertain. Then he sabotages himself. He ends up going to bed at 3:00 a.m. watching motivational videos. Gets back into action. And he just keeps going through this emotional cycle. He always thinks he's just one way thing, one way, one thing away from success. So he's like, "Oh, there's just one thing I need to fix. This is one thing I need to fix." He's a shuck of sucker for shiny object syndromes and believes that one thing will solve all his problems. But he is determined and we'll give that to him. He is determined and he'll never quit and he wants it and will work for it. That might be you or maybe it was you before you became a little bit more advanced in your company. I know my market and I know it well enough to write a 28page Google doc on it. And you can see here this is all information. I'm going to walk you through some of it in a second so you can get an idea. So when it comes to building an avatar, I did this a while ago for my company. And this is awesome because when I'm thinking about making YouTube videos, when I'm thinking about making ads, when I'm thinking about making funnels, when I'm thinking about making marketing content, when I'm thinking about doing anything, anything in my business, whether it is customerf facing or marketing facing, i.e. prospect facing, I turn to this document and it's like my bible. Like it really is. I read this thing all the time because the amount of inspiration you can get for what you need to create can come from here. So there's 28 things to build an avatar. And I basically thought through the first what is the first principle of of the the of a of an aggregate of an aggregated identity that we would know as a niche. Trauma, obstacles and problems, age, doubts, goals and dreams, fears, insecurities, addictions, what he thinks about or she thinks about or they think about beliefs, identity, emotional patterns, resentments, role models, guilt, shame, media platforms, routines and habits, family, relationships, purchase, health, traits, values, education, social life, hobbies, work, experience, and finances. So, what you want to do is make a Google doc and you want to list all these things out. And what you're then going to do is you're going to go ahead and write down everything you know to be true about that thing about these people. So, for example, if I go to guilts and shames here and we just unhighlight this and the reason, by the way, that this is all highlighted is because this is like my secret weapon. So, what are the main guilts and what are the main things that these people feel shamed about? Well, in my market, um I know that they feel guilty about avoiding painful work, not working hard enough or giving in devices. And I know that they feel shame about being poor or having low social status. They feel genuine shame about being undisiplined. They feel shamed that they're fearful. They feel shamed that people know that you could try and fail. And they feel shamed about giving into fears. So, you know, this this doesn't have to be like majorly fleshed out where you've got like thousands of words on each little point. All you need to know are the basic things. But if I go to trauma for example, because to understand someone is just to understand their trauma, then what I've got here is a lot of information about the traumas that my market have been through. And you might be asking yourself, there's a lot here. You might be asking yourself like, oh, but I don't know my market this well. Well, the thing is is the the idea of an avatar document like this is it's a work in progress because the only way that you can really extract this information is by talking to your customers, doing sales calls, and booking appointments. And the funny thing is is that the better you understand people, the better you can engineer your marketing systems to get them to buy from you. And the the the the more people that buy from you, the better you understand them, which means the more clients you can get. And so the ultimate flywheel that you can build in your business, the ultimate feedback loop that will grow the business and make it make it grow and make more money is the avatar feedback loop. You understand your your prospect better, which means you get more prospects, which means you understand them better, which means you get more prospects. And it goes round and round and round and around until you can build a 30-page thing and you understand everything there is to know about them. So, for example, my avatar was bullied some some of them, not all of them. Um, they were unpopular or had low social status in school. They weren't able to get any girls or if they did get girls, it was not the ones that they wanted. By the way, you don't judge any of this stuff in here because it's it's my avatar. It's not my opinion. It's my it's factual information. They might have had a bad mother or they might have had a bad father. So, a lot of these people like sometimes they just didn't have like a decent mom or dad. Um, which happens a lot. They've also broken their own personal word to themselves a thousand times. So, they don't actually trust themselves. Um, they've told themselves so many times they're going to fix things or change things, but they don't actually do it. So, they don't have any self-confidence in their own word. They're also directionless and they are terrified of wasting potential. So, what people I'll read this out to you. Um, he feels like he's worth more than where he is right now. He knows he can have more but just doesn't know how to get it which is frustrating. All he wants is a vehicle to manifest the potential that is lace and abundant. So he knows my avatar knows that he has potential some like this little inkling this little ember that can be manifested and grown into this big beautiful thing whether it's a company or financial success or whatever. And he knows that that potential is there and he's terrified to waste it. big time heartbroken. Almost all of my market in my avatar have been heartbroken at some point or you know have had their hearts broken by um a girl usually um no friends um poor income, low-inccome family, perception of mediocrity. So, what you can get get to the point of here is you want to get all of these things listed out. And you might not know much about your market at the moment. But what you need to do is you you want to start just becoming aware that these little pockets of identity, aggregate identity exist and just start fleshing out fleshing them out whenever you can. So, if you talk to people on sales calls and you you start learning about their goals and you start learning about their hobbies and you start hanging out on social media with them and you start watching podcasts about them, like you'll learn these things real quick. Like if I go to purchases, right? Like what are some of the things that my avatar's purchased? They've got a car, but it's a it's an A to B thing. There's no status associated with the car, and he's not proud of the car. And if it has some problems, he's going to struggle to afford to fix it. They buy lots of random crap to improve their health, like shiny objects and stuff. And they spend quite a bit on clothing as well. And also, they spend a lot of money on courses. These are like the main purchases that my avatar will make, right? I know that that's true because a it kind of was me which helps a lot by the way. Um what about traits like traits of your avatar? So you know like I know for example that the people in my in my market are impatient and impulsive and determined and there this is why like you know it's um the avatar is called desperately determined Daniel. If I had to describe my avatar and my market in two words it would be desperate and determined. Like they're just so desperate to succeed right. Um but you can see all these traits here, you know, like um they don't have much empathy for people who fail. Um they're they're little charismatic sometimes. They're organized and confident, but they're also fearful, but they're stubborn and indecisive. They don't do anything. But then also they're type A. Um and they dream a lot and they're quite intelligent, but also very insecure. They're very optimistic, but they're also irrational and they feel like quite lost. Their behavior is very predictable. They self-sabotage and they're also very hard on themselves and they're ambitious. You get my point, right? When you know this stuff, it gets very easy to get people to buy from you. And it's basically client acquisition at its core is psychological manipulation. And the key there is psychological. You can't manipulate what you can't see. And so, you need to make it clear as day. And if you're wondering, a few strategies that you can use to flesh out one of these documents with as much vigor as possible are as follows. First of all, sales calls. The easiest way to learn more about your market and people is to do sales calls because what you're going to do on sales calls is ask these people very critical questions about their lives and their problems and their business and their issues, whatever the hell you're trying to help them with, right? And that will help you learn a lot. But second to that is hanging out with them. So if you can if you know them and you can meet them and go and hang out with them and play games with them and stuff, that helps a lot. It's real research. Immerse yourself in their social media algorithms. So create new social media profiles and bias the algorithms on those social media platforms to show you content about your market. So if you're if you're in the fitness coaching market, then make a new Instagram account called Fitboy 300 or something. I don't [ __ ] care. Um Fitboy 300 is hilarious. And then um and then start engaging in in fitness content and just start receiving that the stuff they'd receive because if you want to understand someone, you don't really have to look much further than the information that they receive into their environment. Read the books that they read. listen to the podcast they'd listen to. Watch the YouTubers they'd watch. Just find out their story and where they came from and what they're doing here and like engross yourself into their life and way of living. And before you know it, you'll understand on a level that is so molecular that you could write a day in their diary. And you'll you'll know things about them that they didn't even know about themselves. And that's how you get leverage. That's how you get real power when it comes to acquiring clients and diffusing situations and selling people and closing people. like this stuff is sweet. Um, by the way, if you need help getting more clients, there's a link in the description um of a video of me quite honestly trying to sell you something. Um, it's a pitch. It's me wanting to explain my systems. Like, we we basically have a bunch of systems that help people get clients. Uh, they work incredibly well. The best in the world at it. So, you can check them out if you want. I don't really care if you do or not, but there will explain that video. I don't want to pitch you too much. Anyway, that's it. Have a good day. Bye-bye.