Título: Video jr-dLh36hDg
ID do Vídeo: jr-dLh36hDg
Idioma: auto
Tipo: disponivel
==================================================

Okay. How was lunch? >> Good. >> Good. >> I've heard good things about the food, which is good. Okay. So, like I said, this afternoon we're going to probably talk about time management, and we're also probably going to talk about project management. It's kind of impossible to talk about strategy and planning without time management because time management is literally just product. It's just the management of tasks. Cool. Okay. So, I guess let's start then with this whole idea of time management. Unfortunately, I don't have like a nice neat tidy resource to walk you through for this. Um, but I might actually make a video on this for the updated mindset module for easy grow next year. So we'll try and flesh some things out together. So why don't we start with like what problems you guys have? Maybe someone can throw a problem at me like when it comes to time management like what about this do you not get? Like what's the problem? >> Prioritization. >> Prioritization. Okay. Who everyone's familiar with the idea of asymmetry, right? We're all pretty familiar with that term. Cool. Okay. Well, you know, we can define asymmetry and you can draw a nice little neat triangle diagram. We all know what it means, but we need to actually properly know it. So, this is what you get and this is what you give. So, an asymmetry is when you give a small amount of energy and you get a large amount of return. Now, this doesn't mean that you give a small amount of energy. It just means that the return is disproportionate in reward to the thing that you give. Now, how do you measure the distance between the difference of tasks and how you should prioritize them is dependent upon how asymmetric they are. Now, the way that we measure what you get is really dependent on what you want. Okay? So, if you have a goal, let's say that your goal is to make, you know, let's just say you want to make a million a year and that's your goal. Well, your goal is conditional, which basically means that there are lots of things that you need to have to achieve it. There are conditions that you need to build that give ascent to the financial objective. And what I found in my experience is this usually only comes down to three categories, which you're all going to be quite familiar with. So, we've got appointments. There's actually a few more than this to be honest. um your appointments, we've got sales, we've got product, then we'll also tag on operation so that no doesn't feel left out. So, what you need to do is realize, okay, well, how do we make our goal? Well, we need this many appointments, this many sales, we need this level of like refund rate or dispute rate so that clients actually get results. And then we need some operations to tie it all up. So the question then becomes like, well, what the [ __ ] do I prioritize and in what order do I do the hundred things that I need to do? Trumpets, please. This is what I would use. Who's familiar with the big picture? Cool. Okay. So, we now use Asana. We used this for a while, but we had to stop using it because the management team got too big. If you're like a soloreneur and you've got like an ops manager and a sales rep or that's kind of the level you're at, this is like the best thing to use. Um, you use this in conjunction with the warm map as well. But basically the way this works is pretty simple. Um, I bucketed the sort of info model into a few things. So when it comes to something you can do in the business or a task, it falls under usually one of these categories. It's either operations and finance, marketing, sales setting or product. So for us, it's ads or setters, sales or sales team or sales process, product, i.e. mastermind, easy grow academy, whatever, and um operations or finance. There's not really any other categories that where you could do something and it would be bucketed into something else. Maybe like the odd thing like [ __ ] HR or culture or something, but that's very rare. So basically what B and I have the habit of doing is we will make you start with the goal. So you ask yourself what you want and then you ask yourself on this level what would have to be in place in order for you to achieve that. So how many appointments would you need? How many sales do you need? What does a product need to look like and what sort of infrastructure do you need to support this mechanism? And then you then you basically have an idea like you can who who here struggles to sort of see the vision of what they need to build and what do you struggle to see >> things we need to build or the things we need to do to achieve the goal in the most efficient way. How do you break it down and figure out the best route to get there is like kind of what you're asking, right? Because B and I do this intuitively. It's something that we've just developed having done it for like eight nine years, right? It's it's hard to put it into words. I will I will try to articulate it, but I'm just thinking of how what the best way to do. Okay, so the best place to start is at the end. So you start with the goal, right? And then what you do is you realize that a business is nothing but basically a collection of numbers. So, like you know what you can do is you know if we want to make let's say we want to make um let's just keep it real simple and say we want to make $100,000 and that's the goal. Now obviously you'll have bigger goals than that but that's fine. Well, what you start Okay, so this is what you start with. I know. Okay, I get it now. You start with how many clients do you need and then you figure out to get those clients, how many appointments do you need to conduct and then you figure out how many appointments you need to book and then you figure out either how much money you need to spend, how much attention you need to get or how many cold outreaches you need to do. Right? So, let's say that your lifetime value of a client is 10K just for the ease of this exercise, which would mean that you need um obviously 10 clients because Lucas, you're not that much of a [ __ ] You can figure that one out. So, what what it then becomes a question of is like first things first is you should know how many clients do you need to sign a year to make the money you want to make. Do you know that? >> Yeah. Good. Okay. Then you figure out, okay, well, how many appointments do I need to conduct? And that's basically as simple as taking this and multiplying it by your conversion rate. So, let's say you've got a 20% conversion rate, right? You figure out how many appointments you need to conduct based off your sales conversion rate. Then, if you've got like a 70% show rate, you'd figure out how many appointments you need to book. And then basically based on your YouTube conversion rate, your cost per call or your appointment booking rate, you figure out exactly what input you need because then you've got the input level here which is basically doing the work to get the attention and then you've got the output here. Okay? And then we've got the conversion here. So the question then becomes like in terms of like the vision of what you're building or what you're creating to make that happen is it's just the infrastructure to facilitate that. But then also the important thing if we come down here is keeping it. So once you make the money you need to keep it which means that your clients need to be satisfied enough to not trigger refunds or disputes. Okay. And it's also not just keeping the money but keeping the business in case the FTC come knocking on your door or something like that which is very unlikely. So it then comes back down to this simple category of um appointments, sales and product. And if you can say operations as well, but really operations is just something in those three things that keeps the clock ticking. That makes sense. If you're working on something that isn't either getting more appointments, improving your sales conversion rates, i.e. show rate or actual offer rate or sales conversion rate or improving your client results, then you're working on the wrong thing. And so, in terms of how you here we go, I've finally got there. In terms of how you prioritize what you need to be working on, it depends on which one of those three categories is the worst off. So, like, you know, if you're if you're getting loads of appointments and sales, but your clients aren't very happy, then you should put all of your time into product. So my priorities shift according to the problems in one of those three things. What you then do is you have metrics that track each of those things so you know when it goes wrong. So it's like a it's like a machine basically. >> Is that the same level of thinking that you had when the team was like four people? You >> Yeah. Well, it doesn't really matter how big your team is. It doesn't matter if it's just you or 100 people. It's always the same three things. Appointments, sales, results. There's not much else to a to one of these info businesses except from operations. But then again, operations only exists to like grease all three of those pieces. >> Cool. >> One one thing I find quite difficult, I I touched on this yesterday, but like we're at the level now where I'm not saying we are go should do an upsell right now or should do a downell right now, but like we probably should start thinking about it to like lay the groundwork for it. And so so I find that quite difficult to know like when is the right time to pull a trigger on something like that because this is like all very easy and reasonable but that thing is a bit more intuitive and there's so many ways to go. >> Okay. So it's kind of like it's kind of like let's try and let's try and visualize this for a second. Let's say this is a this is your goal. This is what you want. And all of these lines here, these represent steps towards your goal, right? And it's kind of like for you building an upsell. So let's say your goal is eight figures, right? >> You're probably going to need an upsell to get there. So you might need to do that. This might be one of the last steps that you have to do, but before you can do the upsell, there might be a whole series of other things that you have to build in order for the upsell to make the most sense. So like for example like maybe increasing the AOV of your current product, making sure your sales reps are converting properly, like making sure your product actually is good enough so that people upsell etc etc. For us, for example, we want to introduce this upsell. Well, that requires us to re-engineer the entirety of Easy Grow. So if there's something that you want to do, you need to ask yourself, what do I need to do to be able to do that? And then what you do is you say, what do I need to be able to do to do that to then do that? And then you come all that like >> Yeah. But but in like an ideal world which we don't live in but if do you think you could have engineered if you grow from the start to like accommodate an upsell? No, probably not. >> Not not because this is the thing is it's it's hard to have that much foresight. >> Like you know my I've got better at this. So like I can now see like try and think like 5 years ahead, 10 years ahead with like software and AI and like personal brand and like that's like that's all good and well, but it's it's hard to do that at the beginning. I'm trying to explain something that the only way you can learn how to do it is by doing it for like nearly 10 years. like the whole the whole foresight and being able to think through second order consequences and come up with massive plans and strategies isn't some I'm trying I'm this is I'm stumped like I can't actually think of like a framework to give you guys to like do it like if I had like a month in a Google doc then maybe but like what's the missing piece here like what are we missing >> what about this doesn't make sense someone tell me >> don't know if anyone else has the same problem I I get that where goal reverse engineer but then I thing again. If no one else has this problem, I'll shut up. But um it's sort of got this list of things to do, but then how do you plan it out? Okay, you do this, you do this, I'll do this, and then I'll do it at this time. >> Honestly, thinking about it, Lucas, like it's it really all you really have to do like I'm trying to think about how we do this and stuff, but really like it's just sit down with a piece of paper for like 2 days, write out everything you have to do, and then just organize that in the most logical sense. Like for example, this is my to-do list for the academy, right? So what I did is I wrote down everything that I had to do to in in order to launch it and make it successful. And I didn't write it down in order. I just wrote down everything that came to mind. And then I you I just basically looked at all of those things and I was like, "Okay, well, what makes the most sense to start?" And then you put that at the top and then like you go back through the list like what makes the most sense to do after that. And that can take like a good couple of days. Like Bo and I have had planning sessions before that are like 3 days long, like eight hours a day just on a call discussing like where do these variables go? Who do we allocate this to? There's no like magical framework that I can give you. It's just list down every single put them. You could even do it on like um little note cards. List everything down and then just organize it in the way that makes the most sense. In the same way that like how would you figure out what the best chess move is? It's like just play a lot of chess. Yeah, I think I'm way over complicating it. I think cuz I was trying to [ __ ] plan out like the day and time and all this [ __ ] like when I'm going to do every task, but you've just literally got >> Yeah, this is literally just like, you know, um yeah, I was like, what do I need to get done? everything down to like changing the YouTube comments and um doing the Charlie Morgan GPT for support and making sure that I list the week six is coming soon because we're going to launch it without like every little detail and then it's just a question of like well I don't need to do this until I've done this and I don't need to do that until I've done that and that and that. But you don't need to have it like molecularly down to the day. It just needs to be broad. You need to have some idea as to like it's like a skeleton. Well, you need to know what you want. Then you need to know how many clients you need to get. Then you need to know how to get those clients. Then you need to know how to keep them. And then you just have to figure out what's everything that I need to do that. And then like you know you'll have like the the the tasks you'll have this big macro task like a big project. And then to complete that project it'll be a lot of little projects. And to complete each little project it will be little projects inside of those little projects. And to complete those little projects there's little things inside of those things. So it's just big thing um like smaller thing component of big smaller thing component of small thing that's component of big and you keep going until you get to these little actionable steps like list week six is coming soon. But if you get if you just try and focus on the big picture you get you'll get confused and then you can use this um you can use this this thing here and basically what you what you can do is you can allocate different teammates or team members based on like the color and stuff. So like if I if I needed Brunker to like fire a sales rep, I'd be like fire, you know, rep X. And if I know I want that to happen in um the middle of March, then I can put it in week two of March. Then you can start organizing tasks. But that that I don't know if that's necessary. You just need to basically write it all down and then put it in a logical order and then just do it. >> And this skill isn't some easy I know we're talking about quite simply. This isn't an easy skill. This is the stuff that like business consultants will make millions and millions of dollars because they can help companies see the bigger picture and prioritize what they should do. That's why again going back to that's what company essentially does. You sign up as a portfolio company they look at everything and go do more of that stop doing that and then they just make that's literally what they do. So it's not it's not an easy thing just to be able to learn e just to make you feel better. >> It's it's like trying to say how can I be more intuitive you know? It's just like that just comes with time. It's it's that simple. Honestly, mate, you just just sit in in a room by yourself for like two days and just think solely about that and then you'll actually be like, "Oh, it makes sense now." And then you'll go and do it and then things will unfold and then things will change and you'll have to change it. >> Yeah. >> And for those of us who are at the very beginning of this, does it not make more sense just to model something that has worked in the same niche, same industry? >> Yeah, 100%. 100%.