Título: Video lWOls_jwmNE
ID do Vídeo: lWOls_jwmNE
Idioma: auto
Tipo: disponivel
==================================================

Hey everyone. Uh, in this video, what I'm going to do is walk you through my plan on how I'm going to go from 10 million a year to 30 million a year. Specifically with one of the sort of high ticket online business models, whether you're selling like retainers or coaching or consulting, there's a very specific playbook. And, you know, I've been trying to break the um multia barrier now for about a year and I've been stuck at that sort of 800k to a million month mark for a significant chunk of time. And I've learned a lot about how to break through to the next level. The, you know, the 2 mill a month, the three mill a month, that sort of 20, 30, 40 mil a year. Basically going from eight figures to multi figures. Like how do you actually do that? And I've realized that there's a few things that have to be done in order for it to happen. And I've been laying infrastructure in my company sort of in silence in the background with my team. We've been working overtime for about 9 to 12 months on this. And that's kind of the first thing to realize is going like from the big from like uh 10 million year to like 20 30 million a year. It takes like you you kind of need to do the work for like a year first before you start seeing the effect because at a certain scale of business and a certain size of business, it takes time for cause to create effect, right? And so all the things that I've been working on in the company for the last year haven't come to fruition yet and probably won't maybe not even for another few months. And that's kind of normal. And so really what you need to realize is the these sorts of high ticket businesses, whether it's an info business, an agency business or a coaching business, whatever, we have this sort of triangle, this trifecta of scale, right? And what it basically means is there's three things that need to be in check in order for you to scale. At the top is your product. You need to have a good product that actually delivers results. In the bottom corner, we've got sales. And in the other corner, we've got marketing or appointments, right? And so if you've got lots of appointments and you've got a good sales process and you've got a good product, then you can scale. And you know, funnily enough, and it's kind of ironic for me to say this, but I've been focused heavily on product and sales for pretty much my entire entrepreneur career. And marketing has always kind of taken a back burner, which is crazy because, you know, I've spent millions of dollars, like literally tens of millions of dollars on ads. Um, I've I've ran the same offer for, you know, nearly three years, right? and I've served 200 million impressions to the market successfully. You know, we we've had some decent ROI and some decent scale with ads and we've made a lot of money with ads. However, what I've realized is the difference between a 8 figureure marketing team and a multi-figure marketing team is huge because the real bottleneck that you find to scaling from 10 million year to multi figures like 2030 is appointments and specifically qualified appointments. Okay? Because what you need to do in order to um in order to scale there's there's two ways you can go about this, right? You can either increase the amount of customers you get or you can increase the amount that each customer is worth. This is the typical lifetime value argument. And what we found in the company is we need to do both because, you know, we can we're going to have um additional product suites that would allow us to charge more, upsell, etc., etc., and essentially try and double the lifetime value of an average customer. And that's going to happen. But the thing is is in order for you to scale effectively and get to multi figures, you need really, really, really talented sales people. Like you need the best of the best in terms of sales reps. The people who have been trained rigorously. Like you need really incredible sales talent because it's getting harder and harder to close deals in this in this industry because there's a lack of trust. There's people have been burned before. And so we need incredible sales talent. But what I'm realizing is incredible sales talent only really is attracted to companies that have incredible leads and have incredible appointments. And so you need to have qualified appointments. You need to have people who have high intent with proper understanding of what you do, who are educated, who already trust you. And so, you know, the battle of scale here becomes mainly about increasing your lifetime value and mainly about having upselles and increasing price and having other things you can cross-ell and upsell people. And we're working on those. But the main thing is the leads because if you can get good leads in then they will actually upsell and buy more and stuff like that. And so it's kind of interesting because I've known this for a long time like the true input of one of these business models is always the leads. And so the quality of the leads and the the intent of the leads, the financial qualification of the leads, how much they trust you, how warm they are, etc. actually matters. And for a long long time I gave I gave no attention to this and that was appropriate. So, let me explain something because I'm changing my tune on this lead quality thing, right? Because um we got to five, six, 700k a month with volume, right? Just by blasting calendars, booking as many appointments as we could, triaging no one, taking all the calls we could. And that worked and it got us to this this point, this this sort of, you know, 700 800k a month mark. Um, but the problem with the volume thing is, you know, it doesn't you can't really go beyond that point. The reason is because um you burn out your sales team and you can't really attract the proper sales talent that knows how to do the upselles and knows how to charge higher prices and stuff. And so you kind of get this you we found this little interesting bottleneck and I've spoken to lots of other people who are at eight figures or who have got to multiate figures and they all seem to agree that there's this sort of invisible barrier of revenue cap that volume will get you to. And so, you know, one of the big things that we're shifting in our approach is trying to approach marketing from less of an offer perspective and less of a um like less of a guarantee perspective and direct being way more indirect, way more pain based, way more fear-based, way more intent driven because, you know, when we talk about increasing the quality of a lead, I'm not talking necessarily about increasing the quality of a lead from a financial perspective, from a market, from a business perspective. I'm talking about from an intentbased perspective. Okay. And so we use the guarantee, we use the offer thing, the direct like in your face, 20 clients in six months. Here's a billion pieces of social proof. And that works, but it brings a specific type of buyer. And not not just a specific type of buyer because you're still getting the same buyers. It just brings a specific type of perspective from that buyer, which makes them, you know, less trusting and a little bit harder to close. And I think that the offer thing and the guarantee thing and lots of people are have different opinions on this, but I'm realizing that to get to multiate figures, basically the point I'm making is this. In order for me to get to 10 million year, just basically eight figures, which is what I always wanted to do, which kind of where I'm at. Um, we leaned heavily on offers and guarantees. And, you know, we leaned very very heavy on on these sort of direct marketing strategies by running the same ads, the same VSSL. We ran the same VSSL for like two and a half years, the same body, um the same infrastructure, same sales script, etc. And it worked. But it breaks at a certain point of scale because you know it for the reasons I just explained. And so in order to go from eight figures to multi figures, the entire game becomes about marketing. And what I mean by that is it's less about like you need to start actually being skilled because having an offer and a guarantee is kind of like it's like a marketing scapegoat. Like you can whack that on there and people will just click and people will just buy because of the offer and the guarantee. And that works to a certain point. But if you want to go above and beyond that, you kind of need to transcend the offer game and actually start getting really good at marketing. And so you need to get really good at copyrightiting. You need to get really good at using pain, fear, etc. And so one thing that I've done recently is um with my executive team is we've done a complete overhaul of our VSSLs. And I've recorded, I think, six or seven VSSLs in the last week or two. Trust me, not fun. But I've recorded a ton of VSSLs that don't mention an offer, don't mention a guarantee, don't mention much in the way of social proof, and are far more based on the pain points, the fear points, the where we think the market's going. And it's it's a it's a different kind of marketing. And that's the kind of marketing that you use to get to multi figures because it invokes trust. It brings people in who have high intent. It brings people in who are more likely to invest because of pain. and then they actually have problems, you can then go on to sell. And so basically what I'm trying to say here is the thing that I've learned having been plateaued at eight figures and trying to get to multi figures is it's not about like you can only make your product so good, right? And you well you you can make it really really really good, but at the end of the day like there's diminishing returns on the product thing. The sales team can only be trained so hard and you can only get such good sales talent. And what I've realized is that a product will only work as well as the people using it, right? So if you're bringing in people who just want the offer and just want the guarantee, then they're just going to think about that and just care about that. But if you're bringing in people who actually have some pain and some fear and like really are emotionally invested in the investment as opposed to just wanting some shiny object, the product works way better. The sales team can only be trained so hard and they can only be drilled so hard and audited so hard. And a sales team is only going to be as good as the people they're talking to. Now that doesn't absolve a sales team of the responsibility of improving training, getting better and better, etc. Because then what a lot of people do is they use lead quality as a massive scapegoat to you know justify poor performance. But the lead is the most important thing and not even the money but just the intent behind the lead. The intent to come in and actually seek a proper solution with you know a long-term potential to upsell and you know so that's the first thing is the lead thing. The second thing is having a multiple product suite. getting to multiate figures with one product is not possible. Um maybe it is, maybe it could be done, but I think it's probably not possible because again like if I if I'm right now, let's say I'm I'm signing an average of like 80 to 100 clients a month, right? Which pretty much the case with a 9K LTV or something. And you know, it's it's like it's interesting because if I want to go from 10 mil a year to 20 mil a year, then like I said, there's two ways to do that. I can either double how many clients I'm signing or I can double how much each client's worth. Doing the latter is a hund times easier than the former because double how many clients I'm signing would literally require me to spend double on ads. And I don't think the market is prepared for that. And I think that you get diminishing return. And so you hit this natural cap of acquisition where you can only spend so much on ads. You can only do so much outreach. You can only, you know, have so many angles here. It becomes way more about the back end. And so, you know, I'm in the process now of building out the product, having like a multiple sort of product ecosystem that I can cross sell up, sell, etc. Um, and I wanted to just make this quick video and just sort of share um what I'm doing to go from 10 to 20 now or 30. There's obviously a lot more to it than this. There's a lot of nuances. the amount of infrastructure, operations, groundwork, financial stuff, hiring, like the amount of work that that goes into laying a foundation to double the business at this level or triple the business to go from 10 to 20 or 30 is is hideous. There's there's a lot and it it's it's like you you kind of have to almost like, you know, 1.6 6 to 1.7x your headcount. And then you need to you need to build like two or three of the products. And then that comes with a lot of stuff. And then you also need to like completely change your marketing game and completely change your sales process because the marketing's changed. Then completely re-engineer your product because new people are going to be coming in and there's different way of selling it. And then your guarantee has to be changed. It's like it almost requires like an entire different business model. And the whole sort of like simple offer VSSL to 5 to 10k product is great and it can get you to five to 10 500k a month to 800k a month. But getting to that 1.5 mil a month, 2 mill a month, 3 mill a month. Like doing that requires an entire different business model. It requires um a much bigger team. It requires a much more extensive marketing strategy. You can't just run a VSSL. You've got to have like a bunch of ESLs to a bunch of audiences with a bunch of offers and a bunch of angles and like, you know, you got to test like 40 hooks a week. Like it, you know, I'm I'm doing this and it's something that we're working on right now and by hell or high water, we will get to that multi figure mark and it will be done. But it's it's just I'm now that I'm looking at it, it's so much easier to go from zero to 800k a month than it is to go from 800k a month to 1.6 mill a month. It's like, you know, the air is thinner up here. And I wanted to just make a quick video to talk about it because maybe you can extract some value um if you might face this problem in the future. So yeah, talk soon.