Título: Video 3J63Jpk-xwY
ID do Vídeo: 3J63Jpk-xwY
Idioma: auto
Tipo: disponivel
==================================================

Hey everyone, it's Charlie Morgan here and I've been able to scale uh a business from six figures to multi6 figures to seven figures to multi7 figures and to eight figures and I'm now working on the multi figure thing. And I wanted to share a really important lesson that I've learned and have experienced at every level of scale. And so I've been able to aggressively grow my company um over the last four years. So we started from scratch with nothing. Um and I think we got to eight figures within about three years. We were 100K a month within I think like five or six months. Um we were at 250k a month within 12 months, 500k a month within 2 years and then 800k 900k a month by the third year. And that isn't normal growth. Um at least it's not to sustain decent profit margins, build it without scamming people and you know keeping a good reputation. So the question is like how the bloody hell do you do that? Um, and I want to kind of share something with you here that I think might assist you. The answer is to be constantly feeling like you have no idea what you're doing and to be constantly struggling. Now, when it comes to your work and the things you work on and the things your team work on and the things that you do in your office, there are two different types of mode that you can experience. You can experience comfort or you can experience discomfort. Now, I'm not talking about comfort or discomfort in so far as are you happy with where you are. I'm talking about the state of being in which you are in when you're approaching work. And what I found is the discomfort comes from when you're struggling. And struggling is basically when you're working on things that you don't quite know how to do yet. And what that means is that they are at the edge of your competence. And so you have in your um metaphorical life a range of your competence which means things that you can confidently do and if you can do enough things then you'll grow a business. So for example getting to six figures is really about learning how to sell. Getting to multi6 figures is learning about how to retain a little bit and make some hires. Getting to seven figures is about learning accounting and also ads. Getting to multi7 figures is about hiring like salespeople. So like there's a lot that goes into this, right? But basically, every step of the way when I've scaled and I look back, the only time I've ever experienced aggressive scale or quick growth is when I've been struggling, when it's felt like I'm not growing. And this is kind of the ironic thing is because like when you're experiencing discomfort and when you're struggling, you naturally get this feeling like, "Oh, I don't know what I'm doing." You feel you feel very incompetent and you very insecure in your abilities and you feel very insecure in your progress. If you feel like that, then you're growing. And so, you know, I've experienced this recently in my business. So, you know, we're an eight figureure info company and, you know, we've we've we've had some problems with ads and we've had problems with sales teams. And like, you know, I kind of am always of the opinion that when issues arise, I don't know how to solve, like, I need to learn to solve them. And that's an obvious thing to say, but what a lot of people will do is they don't like like okay, let me I'm trying to figure out how to explain this properly. You have your current range of competence and that current range of competence gives you the amount of money you're making right now. So say you're making 50k a month consistently. What that means is you are capable of making 50k a month consistently. And you have to realize that outside of the current range of competence that you have, there is a whole myriad of skills and understandings that you need to develop in order to get to the next level. And imagine it kind of like this. What metaphor can I give you here? So imagine that you're in like a swimming pool, right? This is going to be a bit of a weird one. And that swimming pool is perfectly tailored towards your level of swimming. And so, you know, the there's a current in the pool. There's a there's waves in the pool. There's like floating things like that's kind of like you where your business is at. And the pool that you're in right now, you're comfortable. Like the depth is you're not out of your depth. Like you can you can swim fine. Blah blah blah blah blah. You're not going to die. It's nice and warm. You feel pretty comfortable in there. It's fun in there. Like you you feel safe. And imagine that that swimming pool is built into the middle of an ocean. And the ocean is infinitely deep, aggressive, rough, scary. And so you've kind of built this nice little, you know, euphoric um walled garden in the middle of chaos. And that's basically what you have with your business. And so if you want to grow and scale, what you have to do temporarily is step out of your swimming pool and into the ocean. And you know, you have to sort of map that ocean a little bit and swim around in it and, you know, learn how to how to survive in it and stuff like that. And the funny thing is is that you'll do that and at the beginning it feels awful and it feels terrible and after a short while after a couple of months of doing that the ocean becomes familiar and then suddenly what was a terrifying you know little like part of the ocean that you didn't know how deep it was you now understand it and you've now figured it out and now you feel like you are comfortable swimming in it. That's how a business grows. And that can be something like, you know, maybe you need to hire your first sales rep or maybe you need to build an appointment setting team or maybe you need to figure out how to build a VSSL or maybe you need to figure out how to um how to build a data tracking system or maybe you need to figure out how to build a CRM or maybe you need to figure out how to build team culture or maybe you've making enough money you need to figure out how to have a vision. Like there's so many things that you need to figure out that trying to figure them out is really painful. And so the way that I've grown my business so rapidly and so successfully over the last few years is by constantly as soon as I feel like the water's warm and as soon as I feel slightly comfortable in my swimming pool, I'm trying to dive out of that thing into the deepest darkest corner of the ocean that I can possibly find. Like I want the Mariana Trench. And so the way that manifests is the business will make it very clear what you need to do. Like you're probably aware of what you need to build and what you need to do to develop yourself and grow the business. But every time you try and do it and every time you face that demon, you're you are, you know, fundamentally and temporarily exposed for all of your incompetences. And it's kind of like you have to learn how to do something again. Think of it like this, like imagine you're trying to learn a new sport for the first time. Um, but the stakes are really high. So imagine you're like, "Okay, I need to learn how to do this sport, but if I don't if I don't succeed with this sport, then my entire business is not going to grow." And not only that, but everyone's going to see me as an incompetent fool. And if I don't get this sport right, then it's very detrimental to my happiness and my future. So, you're coming in to learn in this sport with a lot of pressure. And you know, when you pick up this sport, like today, I I did clay pigeon shooting for the first time. I'm here in Scotland in this sick castle. So, I went clay pigeon shooting and you know, I hit a few clays out the sky and it was really fun. But like fundamentally, I utterly sucked and I was struggling and it was like this is really uncomfortable. I'm not very good at this. And it's kind of like learning a new skill or learning something to push the business forward is like learning a new sport. You're going to suck at it and it's going to feel like this heenous struggle. And all of this is basically to say that like I don't feel like I know what I'm doing ever. Like I am constantly like at the edge and at the very very sort of like at the very corner of my competence like constantly pushing it. constantly pushing that barrier of competence, just like trying to step over the mark over and over again. And the only I've grown my business by being in a constant state of confusion, pain, struggle, and just not knowing what the [ __ ] I'm doing. And it sucks and it hurts and it makes you feel like an idiot. And you have to ask really stupid questions to really smart people. You have to lose money and you have to lose your mind. You have to burn out. You have to look like an idiot. You have to feel like an idiot. And that's kind of what I've been doing for the last like four years. Like every time I hit like a plateau, I'm like, "Okay, I need to do this. I need to build that or I need to do this or I need to do this. I need to hire this person." It's like, and then I'm always like, "Well, how the hell do I do that? I don't know how to do that." And then I start like learning that thing as if I'm a complete beginner. And so most entrepreneurs, the reason that they struggle to grow is their ego gets the better of them. So let's say you've got to 100k a month. You're now richer than most people on the planet. You've got more money than everybody on the planet. You're basically a millionaire. You're really successful. And so what happens is when you have to learn something new or struggle or it kind of it it kind of contradicts the identity that you've constructed and your ego is suddenly like in the in the ring here where it's like well I'm a millionaire and I make 100k a month so I should find everything easy because I'm better than everybody and you might not actually like so I got a fly on my wrist. You might not, that's the quality of production you get when you come to my channel in the evening here. But you might not like specifically think that or say that. There's another fly on my wrist. But that is literally how it goes. Like drop your ego and get confused and struggle and you'll figure it out. Like the amount of times where I've like approached something with absolutely no idea how to do it. Like when I when I had to hire a sales manager, like I had like four or five sales reps on board, like even more, like six or seven. And I was like, [ __ ] I don't know what the hell makes a good sales manager. Like, how the hell do I do that? So, I had to go out and I was like interviewing sales managers as if I knew what a good sales manager looked like. I had no SOPs for them. I had nothing for them to come into. I didn't know incentive structures. Didn't know how to pay them properly. And so, I made a [ __ ] ton of mistakes. And I paid people to understand how their sales managers worked. And I had to ask stupid questions. But I was It's confusing and it's struggling. And now if I have to hire sales managers, I feel I can do that incredibly competently. And so what was this horrible, confusing, struggling, difficult thing is now something that I could just do in my sleep. And that's how and so that that's kind of something that I've added to my tool, my toolbox of competence. And so I've expanded my range of competence in a business sense. And so, you know, getting to eight figures, multi figures, nine figures, multi-9 figures is just about learning all these skills and learning how to go way above and beyond where you are right now. And doing that is horrible and it feels really unpleasant. But if you can seek that sensation and try like if basically the point I'm making here is if you're working on something in your business and you don't feel confused and like it's a massive struggle, then you're working on the wrong thing. Like pain is the greatest like feedback mechanism for knowing that you're actually working on something that you should be working on. Like if you're doing something that you know like like this is why like with when I make YouTube videos for example like I know how to make like a oh this is so ironic I know how to make like a semidecent YouTube video and I'm very competent to you know pull views and talk in front of the camera and so this is like as a comfort zone thing for me and you know there's levels to this where like if I want to go bigger on YouTube then I have to start doing things like hiring creative directors and learning cameras and all this [ __ ] that makes me feel like an idiot which I have to do eventually. So I hope you get my point. Um, and I want to share this with you because I think it's pretty important to understand the game of scale. Um, and if you liked it, then you can subscribe and comment. So, yeah, that's it. Bye.