Título: Video taY8hHR8Orw
ID do Vídeo: taY8hHR8Orw
Idioma: auto
Tipo: disponivel
==================================================

I wanted to touch on the strategy I have for financial management and what I actually do with the money that I earn um and how I deal with that because when you become um moderately successful in this game because the nature of these high ticket online businesses whether you're doing a done for you thing done with you thing or DIY thing whether it's infel agency only fans management god forbid whatever right you know these businesses are very cash heavy and very profit heavy and there's not much point in making lots of profit and making lots of money and keeping lots of money if you don't spend it properly or really invest it properly. You don't want to spend it at all. Um, and so this video is more for those for those of you who a already are sat on some cash or b are going to be sat on some cash because you feel like you're going to become successful and you want advice from someone who is sat on lots of cash and has been sat on lots of cash for a significant amount of time. Um, so let's let's hop into it. So, the first thing to do, and this is the really hard thing, and this is kind of the core lesson to this video, is do not see your company money as your own money. And that's a really, really, very difficult thing to do. I know the temptation to [ __ ] off to Dubai or [ __ ] off to Miami and buy the car and buy the watch and rent the boats and see the girls and go to the clubs is there. I know your ego wants to run wild, but you you need to almost discipline yourself and see yourself as a CEO and imagine, think about how big companies work, right? Big companies have a CEO, a chief executive officer who runs the company. That's you. That's your job. But these big companies, there's a Chinese wall between the CEO and the company. The CEO, and this is the reason these are they're big companies, by the way, is because they're disciplined. The CEO cannot just go into the business bank account when he wants to buy a Urus. He can't just be like, "Oh, I want to go to the take this 10 out of 10 hinge match to the molds. I'm going to hop in and just grab 20 grand out." A CEO of a big company cannot do that. CEOs still have to be disciplined with their salaries and etc., etc. Now, CEOs will get paid a lot. They'll get big salaries and they'll get bonuses, but the proportion to what the CEO gets paid in direct in in correlation to what the company makes is so disproportionate. So what this means is a big company could make a billion in profit um over the year and the CEO might only make six seven mil which is still a lot of money right could make 10 mil maybe he makes eight maybe he's an eight figure earner at that point still a lot of money don't get me wrong maybe it's 20 mil but it's still like such a minute percentage of of what the company earns and so you know what I like to do with with my company and my earnings is I'll take a salary and for transparency my salary I'm actually not going to say it because it's it's you don't need to know, but my salary isn't significant compared to how much we make. So, you know, we we might clock in, you know, six mil profit a year, 7 mil profit a year, depending on how good the year's been, been, you know, that sort of eight figure mark. Planning on getting that to, you know, 15 mil a year profit as soon as possible. And like, you know, my salary in proportion to the profit is tiny, right? And at the end of the year, my business partner and I will do a discretionary director's bonus and, you know, we'll decide like, okay, well, this is, you know, how much we want to take out of the company. We we'll do like a little personal profit share, if that makes sense. But again, it's not like we're putting out like 50% of the profits or 40% or 30% or anything crazy like that. 25% 20% is mad. We take a small chunk. And what that does is it keeps us hungry because this is how people get complacent. Um, and this is how people get horrifically comfortable is as soon as that money feels like yours, you have no reason to work that much anymore. And so what I like to do, what my business partner like to do is we like to financially starve ourselves. Now, not literally like I'm not starving. I'm still very comfortable. I've got um I've got enough income to spend money without thinking about it. I am financially free, but I'm not rich. Does that make sense? Like I'm not like [ __ ] you money rich yet where I've got enough in my personal assets to just be like oh I don't have to work in if I don't want to. And what this does is it keeps you on your toes. Now I'm rich from the perspective of the fact that my company has pretty large cash reserves, pretty significant investments in lots of different places. And you know if I needed the money I could pull it out if I had to. So let's say that you know tomorrow I got in a car crash. Touchwood I don't. if I needed 800 grand for some crazy surgery, I could go into my company and pull it out if I had to. So, it's kind of like, you know, having that is the is the real safety net. But what you don't want to be able to do is just impulsively at any time dip into your company and just pull out the money for yourself because what that does, and this is also why Dubai is so dangerous, by the way, not not Dubai as like a as like a city. It's not dangerous in so far as that it's not not like it's not safe. But this is why tax havens specifically are so dangerous because what what tax does and the reason that I think tax is genuinely good and makes you a better entrepreneur. And I know that sounds wild to say, but I think the reason tax makes you a better entrepreneur is it puts a Chinese wall, financial Chinese wall between you and the company. Because if I want to withdraw money from my company to pay for something personally, I'm having to get I'm getting slaughtered by tax, right? So I'm getting I'm capital gains tax, dividend tax, income tax, whatever the hell it is, right? In the same way that if I want to do something stupid and buy something stupid through my company like a car, then I have to pay benefit in kind and I have to pay tax on that and you know and so these western governments whilst the tax is annoying it creates a wonderful incentive for you to keep the money in the company. And basically my strategy is I I care less about my personal financial situation. I want to be comfortable. I want to be happy. I want to be able to live where I want, go where I want, go on holiday when I want, eat what I want, you know, spend £1,000 a month on steak if I want, and not worry about any of that [ __ ] I can have the nice gym memberships, do do all that [ __ ] and basically live like, you know, I'm free, right? Which is kind of basically already what I'm doing. But my primary care is about stacking as much money in the company as I can so that we can deploy that capital to make more money. And so what you kind of want to see this as is like your business is like a machine and the machine runs on cash flow and it runs on reserves and it runs on money and you want to look at this machine and you never ever want to take money out of the machine because what a business basically is is a way for you to put a dollar in and make more than a dollar back at first principle. That's kind of what we're doing here, right? Is we're taking $1 and we're trying to make as much back on that dollar as possible. It's return on investment. That's kind of the whole point. And so like for example, I can spend a dollar on ads and I can make maybe like $1.70 back or $2 on ads back on ROI, right? After expenses and stuff, maybe it's like 1.6 1.5, maybe a little bit more than that. Why on earth would I take money out of that machine for the sake of my short-term gratification? Now, here's the thing. Here's the thing. All of those things that you want, the the cars, the mansions, and trust me, I've I've been there. I've been a [ __ ] idiot. I lived on the Palm in Dubai. I had all these I had the [ __ ] cars and all the [ __ ] dinners and girls and all this lifestyle. It was stupid. If you want that lifestyle, that's not a problem. Just wait until you're sat on like a 100 mil liquid because what what happens then is when you get to that point where you make you you've got you've got hundreds of millions liquid or even tens of millions liquid, right? However much whatever goal you want to set here. What happens is then you can live that lifestyle without it being a burden or a worry. Because what happened to me is like I was making like you know 800k a month profit but then I was spending like 30k a month on rent and I was spending another like well to be fair objectively speaking compared to how much we're earning it's not that much but still it's me and my business partner you know it's just that lifestyle becomes a it becomes it weighs you down it becomes a weight that you have to sort of drag along with you and worry about and think about in the back of your mind and what you want to do instead is try and try and live somewhere and live in a way that is below your means that doesn't cause you stress basically because you don't want this thing in the back of your mind where you're [ __ ] I'm spending way too much money because that basically hinders your business. And so, you know, that's that's kind of how I see the financial management side of things when it comes to money. And, you know, if you're wondering what I invest in, it's just lowrisk long-term assets, like just lowrisk [ __ ] We've got a couple of very risky investments, specifically in um a software company. Um we've got some crypto and stuff with just being gambling and being stupid, but that's nothing we can't afford to lose, if that makes sense. And you know once you've been in the info high ticket space or the agency space and you've you've been able to operate on a you know plus 60% margin for you know three to four years you stack millions and you know those millions like they're there and there's always this thing in the back of your mind like oh what if I just I just want this and as soon as you start pulling it out like the business dies. So you don't want to do it and you want to be disciplined and you want to have that this is why I like living in a high tax country. Yes, I pay tax on profit and yes, I pay tax on income and it's annoying, but it it stops me from being an idiot and just taking money out. So, yeah, I wanted to just talk about that for a second. might help you. Talk